my education qualification. I completed my MBA back in 2010 from Old Dominion University and in particular my specialization was in finance and financial planning. Then I worked in the industry for almost five years and later on I came back into the academics as a lecturer. So it's been like more than 10 years I've been in the academic sector and I think like right now I am confident that like I think I should further pursue for a PhD program for my career growth and the program which the university offers me also aligns with my interests and that's the reason why I applied for this particular fellowship program. Thank you so much. Let me open, set up this file. Can I just get a confirmation that the slide is visible or not in the screen? Okay, okay, so thank you so much. So today I just want to share the research topic that I am looking forward in this particular PhD program. So in this particular PhD program, I'll start with the research background regarding the interest area and why it actually aligns with the program also in terms of the talk section. Then I'll discuss about the research gap and the research quotient that has been identified at this initial stage for this PhD program. And then I'll talk about the proposed method that I have identified as of now. And lastly, I'll discuss about the expected outcomes. So this is the flow of the presentation. So the initially at this particular stage I have come up with the concept note title for this research. So the title for this research that I have come up with is a measuring CO2 emission in the Nepalese hospitality industry using the greenhouse protocol framework. So this is the topic that I have identified as of now. So just to give you a background regarding how I selected this particular area for further research. So in terms of the general background, especially in context of Nepal, we are in the process of being fully compliant with the international financial reporting and recently what we have also observed, especially in this particular field, was the financial reporting has like slightly been like upgraded in terms of integrated reporting where the organizations or the companies need to do a little bit more reporting of their performance, both the financial and non-financial. So one of the thing which I have observed recently was especially in last five years, work was companies globally are reporting environmental impact as a part of their financial reporting as well. So in context of Nepal, based upon this preliminary research, I have identified that only few organizations have taken an initiative to do the environmental impact reporting where they also disclosed the carbon emission in their financial report. But still as of now, this is is voluntary, it hasn't been mandated, but we do expect that in coming days the organization will be mandated to also report on this particular party. The other thing I've also identified is, especially in context of the financial institution, the central bank has mandated all the financial institutions to generate the carbon emission reporting in where they are actually But the thing is right now this reporting is only made at the initial stage of the financing not at the latter stage. But based upon this early observation and with the industry expert discussion, the general conclusion or the general idea that I have come up with is like this environmental reporting is expected to rise in coming days. So this is one area like that actually interested me to go into this particular direction in terms of the reporting of this carbon emission in various industry. The other thing I've identified was there were lots of frameworks that has been like developed over the last 20 years in terms of determining the carbon emission and one of the most popular and most widely use framework that I've identified as of now is a greenhouse gas framework which was developed by World Research Institution and World Bank Council for Sustainable Development. So in this preliminary research I've identified that lots of organizations are using this particular framework to measure the carbon dioxide in terms of their reporting and in context of Nepal also few of the organizations have adopted this particular framework as well. And obviously, this framework will help us to measure the accurate carbon measurement in the business practices and also align with the global trend which we are seeing right now. So this is another area like from where I have worked on my research topic. And lastly, in terms of the hospitality sector where Right now I want to work on, obviously in context of Nepal, in last couple of years we have observed the increase in the establishments of the hotels and other businesses in this particular industry. And obviously in context of Nepal, even though the hotels are not in the top carbon emitters, coming days due to the rise of the industry, we may have a situation that we may have to review on this particular aspect also. And obviously the global expectation regarding these sustainable tourism is another thing which lots of hoteliers are also taking into consideration as of now. But in terms of the hospitality sector in this initial investigation, initial research, As of now, I haven't found any specific framework which the organizations are using. In this particular time, I have just identified a few of the measurements which the hotels are using, but they are mostly for as a checklist instead of like the accurate calculation of carbon emission. And further, my professor has also suggested to go and explore this area. So that's another thing like why I chose as of now in this particular sector to measure the carbon emission. The other thing is in terms of my interests, I'm familiar with this particular method. As a lecturer, I did do environmental reporting as a part of my teaching and at that time we did small case studies with a small organization where we have actually measured with the students regarding the carbon emission. So in terms of this framework, I have some source of experience not in terms of publication or in terms of the commercial work, but in terms of academic, I have actually done certain exercises with regard to this particular framework. thing is based upon the research, the literature review which I have observed globally and in context of Nepal, I think like there's a the higher chance of like publishing the paper also which will also align in my career aspect and contribution in the research community. And lastly the other thing is during my During my teaching, I was really fascinated by the environmental impact, carbon emission reporting, and I look forward to further develop my career in this particular aspect because as of now in context of Nepal, I haven't identified an organized body who's actually doing the work in this particular area. in terms of my interests, like this is how I was interested in this particular research topic. So these are like a few of the aspects which I worked on in terms of our literatures, in terms of the background in context of Nepal and in terms of my interest area. So, and have as of now, like decided to go into this particular direction. anything that I need to further discuss before we move on into the next part? Okay, thank you so much. So in this research I have identified a problem statement and some research gaps which I want to work in this particular program. So in terms of the problem statement, yes, right now, yes, environmental awareness impact carbon emission, despite this growing awareness, even in the hospitality sector, but a framework hasn't been like identified to measure it properly. So that's one of the problems statement that I want to work on in this particular area. And in terms of literature review, the research gap based upon the literatures in context of Nepal, there has been some reports that has been generated, but as of like research, empirical research, very few has been identified in context of Nepal. And as of now, I have only identified some case studies which is more into like determination of one particular entity rather than industry as a whole. And in terms of the significance of study, like what the study will offer is available inside of the environmental impact of the Nepalese hotels. And obviously, I do expect that based upon this particular finding, the industry may adopt more sustainable practices in terms of the business operation. So in terms of the research, this is the direction I'm planning to go in this particular research topic. So in terms of method, for this research, I want to do more into quantitative research work rather than a quality like a case study. So I have identified three main methods that I want to use in this particular research work. The first one is obviously the measurement itself regarding the carbon emission using the greenhouse gas framework. And especially right now I'm thinking of like just focusing on scope one and scope two. in terms of the estimation of the carbon emission by the hotel industry. The other thing I'm planning right now is to do a comparative analysis between the different type of hotels. Right now at the initial stage, I'm thinking of in terms of the size of the hotel and the location of the hotel, we can do some sort of comparison. And lastly, I'm trying to like start establish some sort of relationship between the different initiative taken by the hotels to minimize carbon emission versus on the other hand how much carbon emission they are actually emitting. So in terms of methods like I want to strictly use more into qualitative, sorry, yeah, more into like measurement in terms of numbers rather than doing a case study. So the other thing is in terms of outcomes, based upon my understanding as of now, I think like from this research, we should be able to get a comprehensive carbon emission assessment in the hotel industry at the individual level and also at the industry level. and give us an idea that how much carbon emission is actually emitting by this particular industry itself. The other thing is, it's also going to support us in the effect of different sustainable initiative taken by the industry on the carbon emission. And lastly, if possible, I'll try to also look into like develop a customized framework which can be used in context of Nepal measure the carbon emission in this particular industry. So these are some of the expected outcomes that I plan to have once this research is finalized. So the other thing is I don't have any past research paper on this particular area. Like I mentioned earlier, I did a few exercises but it was more of a part of an academic requirement rather than a publication. I have published a few papers but it was mostly related with the financial institution and I look forward to publish papers in this particular area in the coming days as well. quantitative papers where secondary data is taken and published in some national paper journals My expertise lies on international financial reporting and environmental reporting as of now. So, besides that, I used to be a program leader in the college for management and accounting and finance. And recently, I have taken a role of principal in a new college for an IT and management program. And lastly, like I mentioned earlier, I did my MBA back in 2010, back in the US. So right now I'm looking forward to like be a student again and be a part of this academic journey. Okay, so these are a few of the references for my work that I have identified as of now. So this is a short presentation on the concept note that I have developed and I am open to hear from you if there's anything that I need to take into account to go forward for this particular program. Thank you so much. Hello. Okay. about the methodology. So, do you want to calculate the greenhouse gas emission from hospitality? Yes, right. As of now, what I'm planning to do in this particular research is like visit different hotels in Nepal and capture the different details which are required to do a measurement as per the greenhouse gas effect framework and based upon that using a formula prescribed by this particular framework, I plan to like determine the number. So your result that you want is the amount of greenhouse gas emissions or framework how to calculate the greenhouse gas emissions from hospitality? properly used in context of Nepal and if there is some customization needed the formula may have to be like slightly modified. So as of now I am not sure whether that is required but as I go forward and do a little bit more research maybe at that time I will be able to like identify that framework or that particular formula that can be used to determine the number. framework, it does mention that there may be some requirements for local customization as well. Thank you. Okay, so that is interesting topics and you are going to measure carbon emission concept in the hospital, etc. You have already mentioned that it is not mandatory for the hospital, etc. to adopt this concept. Some organization has voluntarily adopted this concept, but the beginning phase and you are going to develop some protocol from framework that will help to hospital, etc. to implement this concept for the future. This is the main I think like you have re-edited the research plan which I presented earlier Okay, that would be okay. But if you go for the carbon emission concept, you can, you can, you can enlarge your scope also. Maybe you can possibly you have to do the test or review on the basis of return to the view, you can, which one is the suitable carbon emission concept or carbon emission concept, you can future advisor will help you in this. Let me add, right now I am open for that because I know that right now I'm at the early initial stage as I go forward and do more literature review and maybe from here as you mentioned with the supervisor the topic can be further revised and further improved in terms of the scope or in terms of the direction. So yes, I'm open for that. It's just that Is this that this particular research work should have some significance? That's the one of the main thing like I look forward in this working like going forward. Okay, that's understand when when we are going to go for the framework concept after developing framework, we should be validate that framework. Someone should be validate when when to validate this concept you should you can consult your expert or the framework, who is going to validate that framework? Someone should be validate. Even your publication also validate your concept. But when we are going to implement this concept in real life, in that case, some policy makers should validate your concept. I think that your concept is clear, but method, you have to do some literature review for the methodology part. Okay, good luck for you. Thank you so much. you Hello. Hello. I have a question. My name is Zanzini. I'm a program director. And because you said you are an academic and this, you know, so this is a fellowship program before a PhD program, which means that in the first year, the applicants who qualify will be a graduate fellow, which will mean that there might be a need to be in Thailand for some period of time just to get everybody started on the same knowledge or some trainings. So will that be an issue for you? because it seems like you're going to be like having a full-time job as well as doing this you know kind of research on the side. Thank you so much for this question. Like one of the reasons why I joined this particular position like I recently joined as a principal in the new college and one of the things that I have already made my employer is regarding I'm doing my PhD and will require to visit the university on a timely basis and they are okay with that. If these dates regarding the visit at the Thailand is made available in advance, I can definitely arrange that. So otherwise, this is clear to my organization regarding this particular program and they have actually recommended that you should go forward and pursue this particular degree also. and only then it would kind of be that you can go forward with the PhD. So just so that you know about this condition early and if at any point in time somethings change and you're not clear, please let us know so that we can kind of just like make everything very, very accurate and clear for you. Thank you. I think like when I discussed this with here in Nepal and I'm comfortable with this arrangement also so it won't be any issue from my side just like I mentioned earlier if the visit requirements dates has been like pre-informed to me I can definitely arrange that. Thank you. All right. Well, then, thank you so much for your time and your presentation. And if we have any further questions, we'll get back to you. So good luck. Thank you so much. So I think now we can talk and what is your opinion as a potential advisor? So, just to let you know, there is an option of giving more assignments, asking for some kind of proof of, let's say, certain skills, so, for example, Ood was going to assign some applicants some similar to QE, really, but questions that really force them to display their knowledge and skills, so if you I think I need to talk with him about his topic. that's something that if you have certain thing like boom basically yesterday was like okay he has a plan so she's fine as long as the applicant display enough knowledge so that's also possible. Actually his topic is quite good and related to my research work but maybe I need to talk with him more information about Yeah. โทษที he does not know full face of environmental aspect. He is from the financial background. So he is going to come some, maybe he did some literature on the basis of the literature. He developed the concept of CO2 emission only. Maybe you can change the carbon emission concept. And, uh, and when you go for the details, you will find the correct topics and that will be suitable to, for everything. So. So let's hope he will do it and on your guidance and suggestion, he will improve your topics also. I think so. But in this phase, he's in the just beginning phase. He doesn't know too much about this environmental protocol. But if he's suggested, he will improve it. Then let's hope it will be better. Okay, so the last one we have at 3.30 is not here yet, I guess, Mr. Dilly. Thank you, San. I was wondering, okay, so it's not yours because I thought, so today it was supposed to be, I think it was supposed to be fun as well. And she kind of bailed out now. On, what's the deal? Would Ajahn Pan come back? อ่า โอเค นี่คือพี่ทง โอเค นั่นหมายถึง... That only came up like yesterday when we realized that none of this. Actually, the first day there was nothing. So actually that's something that like, please help me kind of collect all the points. We need to, inform ahead of time about what is expected because we did tell the, Maiden did ask us about how to prepare, what are the guidelines questions, and we did just give him a guideline set or talk about the concept notes and stuff, but we did not demand that they make a presentation, which later we realized that was a mistake. Yeah, making a presentation would actually allow us to evaluate them better. So that's definitely a lesson learned. The first day you should have been there. There's a lot of problems. Anyhow. So this one, get home. Oh, well, we'll see each other again at 3.30 then. Thank you. Maybe. เฮ้ย จะสองคนแล้ว อืม... โอ๊ด ผมจะต้องไปแล้ว คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า คุณคิดว่า แล้วก็...ก็ถ้าพี่ทงโอเคก็...ช่วยพี่ทงว่าเช็คอีกแล้วก็แล้วกัน Thank you Yn ystod y 20au oes, mae'r cyfrifiadau yn cael eu cymryd yn ystod y 20au oes. Yn ystod y 20au oes, mae'r cyfrifiadau yn cael eu cymryd yn ystod y 20au oes. That's the goal. Hello. Yn ystod y 20.000 o flynyddoedd, mae'r cyfle i'r aelodau a'r dynion i'w gysylltu â'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyfle i'w gysylltu â'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyn Yn ystod y 20au oes, mae'r cyfrifiadau yn cael eu cymryd yn ystod y 20au oes. Yn ystod y 20.000 o ffyrdd, mae'r cyfrifiadau'n cael eu cymryd yn ystod y 20.000 o ffyrdd. Okay. Yeah. Hey. I mean, I think it made a difference. you