Kishore Rai, I am from Nepal. I am in my early 40s. I have a background on humanitarian and development response. I've been in this sector for about two decades now. Most of my work has been around the areas of Southeast Asia, Middle East, and a little bit in Africa, but mostly in Southeast Asia. And I had spent a lot of my time in Myanmar. It's almost a decade on and off. So being in Southeast Asia, being in Myanmar, I always wanted to go to the next level. And I thought it was the time for me to excel in another area where it makes more sense. Then I came across PSU. did a little bit of study and research on it. I found that they also offer PhD research opportunities. I explored more than I got in contact with Medanser and then this is how we ended up here today. And I wanted to also give my dedication and commitment to this because it's something that is really passionate to me and I feel very strongly about this. That's why even this point of my career, I'm still trying to go to a research topic. If you notice, I also have like three masters. So for me, learning is an always an ongoing thing. And I thought this PhD would be the next best level then to do another masters. This is why I ended up here today. Yes. So I will share my slide and where is the share screen? Yeah, I got it. I'm sharing. Let me know if you can see it. Okay, can you see the full screen? Yeah, what's been? Where is this burger menu you're talking about? This one. Hide presenter view, I think this is the one. But it's going to. OK. Yes, yes, yes. Is that the reason? Oh, I can. OK, OK. OK. OK, let me do this. I guess I'll have to go on like this with that. Would that be okay with you? Just Yeah. Yeah, sorry about that. So. the Melanchi water supply project in Nepal. So I wanted to say a little bit about myself, but I already said that to you. So this is something which I thought would make sense and also generate interest for me. And I thought this was also not that much researched in the context of Nepal with regards to this specific water supply project. I move forward. So as an overview, I'll not read everything but just the keywords here. The this proposed research will explore the critical role of risk assessment in fostering the investment in relation to infrastructure resilience using the Melamchi water supply project. So this Melamchi water supply project is a very well known project in Nepal, which is known for a lot of flaws, which would be used as a case study is what I proposed. It highlights the significance of robust risk such assessment practices in overcoming investment challenges and enhancing infrastructure resilience. As an introduction, so resilient infrastructure is vital for sustainable development, especially in region prone to natural hazards and disasters. And Nepal is one of the top 10 disaster prone countries in Southeast Asia. The Melamchi project serves as an illustrative example showing the necessity of effective risk assessments in infrastructure investments. was around 450 million US dollars. That was a budget, but that was also not enough. And it's a 26 kilometer long project, you know, implemented from a high area to a low area to bring the water to the Kathmandu Valley, to the capital of Nepal, Kathmandu. Yeah. If you see at this slide, you can see the higher mountain areas where the water was, you know, channeled through, was planned to be channeled to along a 26 kilometer tunnel to bring it to Kathmandu to bring drinking water to the inhabitants of the capital. So this is the project layout from the top. The water was supposed to come from here. This was a source of the water. They also had a refinement and it was supposed to be eventually come into this green circle, the green zone, the distribution zone. So this is where Kathmandu is. I'll just give a brief milestones. So this project actually started in 1998 way back then and today is 2024. I don't, I still not completed 100%. There has been a lot of delays on several front several sectors. So these are just to show the timeline there. Oops, sorry about that. This is a tunnel. I mean, there are a few pictures just to show you. you where the status is. There are a lot of protests for this project from the beneficiary side, from the community side also. And this is eventually what is expected towards the end if it's a successful project. Yeah. So. The resource problem. Infrastructure investments often falter. due to insignificant RICs assessment. So, and in this project, there has been a lot of costly setbacks and compromised resilience. In the Mill Empty Watershed project, the inadequacies have manifested in a lot of delays, budget overruns. And I think this also highlights the needs for a comprehensive RICs evaluation, which will eventually feed into resilience and infrastructure also bringing in investment eventually in the long run. So by pinpointing the weaknesses in the current practices, the study is supposed to pave the way for more secure, resilient, informed research and practical solutions for such kind of projects in Nepal and beyond. So this is what is the justification. So the justification for this study lies in the increasing need for resilience infrastructure. vulnerable to natural disasters such as Nepal. By identifying shortcoming and proposing enhancements, the research aims to improve the investment of the effectiveness and infrastructure resilience. So what I was thinking is if at the end, if, you know, a system can be built, be developed, I think this would be really useful in deciding whether investment is really a good option for that project or not. So this is what I wanted to say from this paragraph. Why am I interested in this project? First, I've been involved in this sector, when I say this sector, I mean to say the humanitarian development sector for almost two decades. I wanted to contribute through research and knowledge also, not only physically doing a lot of work, but also from a literature point of view, from a research point of view, from a study point of view. And, you know, going for this research, it will broaden my horizon from both perspectives, from implementation and support perspective and from a research perspective. There are also a lot of funding opportunities in these areas. agency interested in supporting research related to climate resilience infrastructure in general. And if you talk about career, it's also a career push towards the higher up and wanted to explore the possibility of exploring myself in the future as being a researcher or a lecturer or even eventually a professor at some point of time. And also the last point, which was quite strongly towards me, is the the personal satisfaction, the gratitude and the rewarding impact this would bring by giving the impact to the people and having a more informed investment streamline process. I think this would also improve the system in general. The research objectives. Of course, I highlight the keywords, evaluating the current practices, how the strength and weaknesses. The other one is assessing the impact on investments. been a lot of commitment on funds from different donors and different stages of time. Some have withdrawn, some have contributed even more further. So assessing all those investments, identifying gaps and proposed improvements, and eventually enhancing sustainable development in the long run. I've not really gone through the detail of the research questions, but something among different sectors came into mind was with regards to current practices, how are assessment currently conducted in this project? What methodologies were used and were they sufficient and what went wrong on this? And also the impact of investment and resilience, that correlation between them and how it affects the decision making process. The other one was also opportunities for improvement. What specific improvements can be be made to enhance the effectiveness of risk assessment? And how can this improvement leads to better investment outcomes and increased infrastructure resilience? There's a few questions that I came up with. Of course, this can be revised further with more improved information. I proceed further. In methodology, I just gave a brief outline of the main points. When we talk about approach, I was thinking about a mixed approach, both in terms of qualitative and quantitative, so we can have the both areas being more productive in contributing to the research. So that is like comprehensive research. In terms of data collection, conduct document analysis to review existing reports. There are documents available. Perform in-depth stakeholder interviews with respective stakeholders. Case study of this project is itself, data analysis, applying statistical tool, both quantitative data and enhancing robustness findings, and also using any thematic analysis for qualitative data to identify some patterns or some graphs. Some expected outcomes, very ambitious, identify best practices in risk assessment, which can be replicated or improved moving forward. Recommended strategies to enhance investment and resilience. Strategies is a big word, but maybe small, small key points would be more effective contributing to the bigger strategy. Suggest policy implications for future projects because Nepal is a country that receives a lot of grants and maybe this would help in better strategizing where to invest, how much to invest and when to invest. Developing a RICS resilient investment tool or application or a framework, something which I was thinking, create a framework that provides a clear yes or no response to funding decisions, ensuring alignment with resilience and risk management criteria. So the study contributes eventually to academic literature as well on infrastructure resilience and offers practical insight for policymakers and investments with potential on infrastructure development. Of course, I hope that this will eventually have some implications on funding decisions in the country. And if this is a streamlined in the more process practical way, I believe more funding for the development of NIPA will come through to donors. Our outline research spaces and milestones with expected completion dates will be explained and detailed out later. But I expect maybe one or two publications to the end of this PhD duration will be eventually released. Summarizing the proposal and emphasizing its importance and potential impact and invite questions, discussions and from the audience for further refining the PhD research proposal and improving it better as we move forward. To the extent I understood, to the extent I extent I could explore the information on this research. RICS resilience and investment correlation with this Milamji project has not been really studied and identified. Comparative analysis of RICS assessment methodologies used. Were they outdated? Has there been any new RICS analysis methodologies used? The longitudinal impact with the long-term effectiveness on the infrastructure in the long term? Has there been any progress in terms of sustainability or in the long term from short-term investments? Stakeholder engagement analysis, a lot of stakeholders does not seem to be happy at different levels, which also created a burden to the project. And what were the new IT technology or innovations that was used in terms of assessment? Or was it just a question of These are some of the things I could just think of. And towards the end, my plan is also explore from current fellowships and scholarship plans. I am planning to apply for this CDRI fellowship, which is similar to what I will be researching in. It's a grant of 15,000 USD. The deadline is the end of this month. month to apply. So I am also planning to apply for this and collecting the data for this also. If it gets funded, another 5000 will be added for another six months, which would be supporting my research. This is what I was thinking about. Eventually leading up to 20,000 USD funded. I'm towards the last. So I wanted to also share a set of statements which are really close to me. The expert in anything was once a beginner. So I did my master's several years back and there has been some gap, but I still wanted to give it a from my side. And this was a quick, brief presentation. Thank you very much. I can also share the slide. Okay, I'll do it. Okay, Kishore, okay, you're going to concentrate your research on the Mel&G project. It's ongoing project. It is not completed yet. So you are going to give some meaningful contribution on this project because you are going to link with a risk assessment with the investment perspective. That is the moral financial aspect. Okay. When you are going to deal with a financial aspect, so mostly your research must be related to quantitative approach. That means you are going to deal with quantitative data. So on the basis of the quantitative data, do you have any ideas how to analyze the data? Do you have the strong background of statistics or any mathematical science? If so, that would be helpful. Otherwise, you have to long this concept, this subject and concept because another part is that when we are going to deal this approach and another you have mentioned that you are going to get some grant from the outside on this subject area that is good if you could not you can manage the big project by yourself that's the one point is the strong point on your side. That means the cost of the study is a little bit high. I think so. But you are going to say that I'm getting grant from the outside. So that's pretty much plus fine. Main question is that can you handle this big data by yourself or you need some support from outside? This is my queries only. Yes. So I have to be honest with you. I'm not on statistics, but I do know some basic statistical approaches because we also do M&E at our level when we do program monitoring, evaluation, qualitative study, analysis, sort of like that. It does include a lot of hard work in terms of data collection analysis. I will have to level up myself to know more in this area. which I am confident that I can be able to learn quick, quite fast if there are new approaches or new systems or new technologies on data management. I have done training in SPSS, JACE, that was a long time ago. I also lead the monitoring team in my office from our sector. But if there's anything which is more statistical, more really data in particular, like a mathematician expert expertise required, I will have to learn that and learn that from someone from the experts. In terms of costs, if there are costs associated, I would like to explore financial support from anyone, any funding agency that would be willing to contribute. If not, I'm also willing to, happy to contribute a little bit from my side to ensure that it has a meaningful result towards the end of the research. proposal. But I'll be doing whatever is necessary from my side to get this done if I get the support from my supervisors and people. Yeah, I did a little bit of fact-finding from my end to the extent possible with this high level of visibility from various donors and the government. There are things I think it's called the EIA, Environmental Impact Assessment. That was I think one I could find. There was also another assessment, something related to the feasibility and environmental assessment. I think that was also an embarrassment. These are the few documents on assessment that I could find. I did not go into the details yet. So I think when we do assessments, we are also supposed to do EIA in new projects when we launch them. I wanted to come from an angle of assessment itself, but not only environment, but covering more than the environment, social aspects also and the financial aspects also. I mentioned investment. Some of these processes could be outdated. That's why it's not efficient in identifying all these risks that it eventually faced. And I believe a more improved hybrid, a more modern relevant assessment would be more efficient in finding gaps moving forward. You could see this started in 1998, so if the assessment started like 1998 around that time, now I think the whole assessment, maybe the philosophy, the principles, the studies could be quite different in this time also. I think it's also time to update those assessment questionnaires. Silence. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the box. It's the tricks that I would be I would like to focus Fold the corner to the center crease. Well, when we when what I know is when we do RICS assessments at our work, the experience I have is we have a set of questions that we asked. And based on this questions, the response crunched into the system and we evaluate the feasibility. There are also pre-developed questionnaire that our offices have developed, especially in relation to environment. And there are questions like how the environment will be impacted from your project in terms of human population, in terms of the environmental context, in terms of the impact also. This is how we do it. When you talk about framework, I'm not exactly sure if I remember any specific frameworks, but different donors, they have their own risk analysis procedure, which we follow. One time we were receiving a training about I think it was EU risk assessment orientation. They had a set of questionnaires in Excel seed where we had to give the numbers and the numbers would translate into calculation into a ranking. And if that ranking was below a certain threshold, that was a negative sign for us to move forward. And we had to introduce some mitigation base to improve that. This is what I could remember. How did they came up with the questions that they had shared to us? That's the question. Well, I believe they also had their experts in that team who drafted these questions from previous field experiences and also when they had implemented the project, the lesson learned that they received at the end of the project. I think they used this to build those questions so that in future, any projects before they start, it would be good to look at this. I think this is what I could think of. Come again, country, you said. No, no. Well, it would The new framework would based on the failures that the project encounters, so those already implemented risk questionnaires or risk system would not be implemented here. Whatever problems that was identified in this project, this would be reformulated into a questionnaire type so that those issues can be foreseen in the future so that they can be mitigated. mitigated now and also identify where those status are. If those risks would be coming in the project, I think there should also be some proposed mitigation measures along the way before a final scoring should be given. This is how I can think at the moment right now, but I don't think it's a very comprehensive response to your question. Okay. Now. I was thinking before the construction. During and after. all three phases. I don't have any chance. Okay. Okay. Okay. Fold the corner up. I'm going to make a hole in the bottom of the box. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the box. Okay, good. Thank you. That makes sense. Go ahead. For me, that would be all this. of datas and information. Well, I would try to be honest with them and say that this is for the not only I mean, people see this as my personal gain for my PhD completion, but this is for the greater good of the community where we're living together. And I'm one of the beneficiaries of this water. And it is it has, you know, struggled in so many levels. I think it's high time if there are some you know, very fruitful findings that would even improve one aspect of this would eventually be good for that agency also. I cannot find any other reasons to convince them. Of course, if you have connections, we tell them. But I think I would want to be honest with my approach to them and, you know, see how they react, because I believe this is a good thing. It's going to happen eventually. It's a win-win for everyone. But if that doesn't work, I'll have to find connections to get information from that. available. that my interest keywords are still risk assessment, resilient infrastructure and investment. So these three keywords are quite, I feel very strongly about these words because this is what led me to be doing the PhD eventually. I'm willing to change the topic to anything that makes sense and it's more fruitful because if this is very broad, it's a, yeah, I'm open to that. That is also interesting to me. That would be interesting to me also. But my preference would be financial risks. To tell you something on a personal note, one of the reasons I wanted to not remove financial investment is when COVID started, I started a business. And I lost in that business. So I thought maybe I did not have enough knowledge on risk assessment before you do investment. And I just contrast, broaden the concept into bigger, big investment and hence the proposal that you see in front of me. That is the reason why I wanted to, because there are so many people who lost a lot of investment, hard earned money by trying to do something good, but because of lack of risk analysis and study and all this, that's why I thought there was a need on this field. That's why it prompted me to go in that direction. I'm okay to do all this other stakeholders also. It'd be good, thank you very much if you could walk me through the process again. Okay. I'm using a 3D printer to print out the design. I think this was what we were told also before it aligns. I was just trying to confirm. That sounds good. Okay. Yes. No, I'm good. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Hi. I mean, what do you think, Tanwa, because you are asking him questions, and for me, it's like, it's interesting. He's a first graduate applicant who actually showed the visuals of the area, and I mean, he did put some effort into the presentation, and he was very clear on what he wants to do and yeah I think he seems to me one of the most like I would say professional but yeah in terms of academic I don't know you have to talk about Okay. What. Oh, yeah, we cannot hear. Are you talking? Hello. Oh, we can hear you now. Hello, hello. Hello. Okay, okay, I see it's about to speak the microphone sorry. So I think you have noticed the things that he is very expert in the Nepalese contact or whatever. And he, he might have like decades of experience there, but about the global situation he has no idea that this is the something that you have to keep in mind. And the next step is is that he has to do something like the overview. Yeah, like a writer review article that should be quite challenging. And that's it. That's what I want to say. Actually, that will not be only for him. I noticed a pattern that a lot of applicants also from the first batch do kind of seem to think that because it's only something that, you know, because it's probably pertinent to their context and nobody has done research in that specific context. It's like new and it's novel. And yeah, that's so part of a Panwa job and fair job that we should do. help me a lot is to create a program that helps you to gap in these skills. So you might need to include that in your future orientation program. Excellent. OK, so I don't know if the next interview we are in waiting room. Not here yet. Okay, I like the way it turned out. Yn ystod y 20.000 o flynyddoedd, mae'r cyfle i'r aelodau a'r dynion i'w gysylltu â'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyfle i'w gysylltu â'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyn Yn ystod y 20.000 o flynyddoedd, mae'r cyfle i'r aelodau a'r dynion i'w gysylltu â'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyfle i'w gysylltu â'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyn Yn ystod y 20au oes, mae'r cyfrifiadau yn cael eu cymryd yn ystod y 20au oes. Yn ystod y 20.000 o flynyddoedd, mae'r cyfle i'r aelodau a'r dynion i'w gysylltu â'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyfle i'w gysylltu â'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyn Yn ystod y 20.000 o flynyddoedd, mae'r cyfle i'r aelodau a'r dynion i'w gysylltu â'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyfle i'w gysylltu â'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyn Yn ystod y 2000, mae'r cyfrifiadau yn cael eu cymryd yn ystod y 2000. Yn ystod y 20.000 o flynyddoedd, mae'r cyfle i'r aelodau a'r dynion i'w gysylltu â'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyfle i'w gysylltu â'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyn Yn ystod y 20.000 o flynyddoedd, mae'r cyfle i'r aelodau a'r dynion i'w gysylltu â'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyfle i'w gysylltu â'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyn Yn ystod y 20.000 o flynyddoedd, mae'r cyfrifiadau'n cael eu cyflwyno i'r cyhoeddiadau a'r cyhoeddwyr. Yn ystod y 20.000 o flynyddoedd, mae'r cyfrifiadau'n cael eu cyflwyno i'r cyfansoddau. Yn ystod y 20au oes, mae'r cyfrifiadau yn cael eu cymryd yn ystod y 20au oes. Yn ystod y 20au oes, mae'r cyfrifiadau yn cael eu cymryd yn ystod y 20au oes. Yn ystod y 20.000 o flynyddoedd, mae'r cyfle i'r aelodau a'r dynion i'w gysylltu â'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyfle i'w gysylltu â'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyniadau a'r cyflwyn Hello, good afternoon. Is a beginner, but you can call me begin. Okay. first of all thank you so much for reviewing my application and inviting for this particular program so let me first introduce myself i am big interest register so in terms of