to present my research concept notes as a PhD candidate. My research title is evaluating the influence of soil properties on the design and construction of underground structure. The research study is influence and uses of soil properties on the design and construction of underground structure in Kathmandu Valley. Kathmandu Valley is a our research area. Introduction. The Kathmandu Valley is a densely populated capital city of Nepal and also the old heritage city. It is a densely populated city. About 80 lakhs people live in Kathmandu Valley. and it is also the old heritage city. Here, number of old heritage sites you can see like Darwari Square, Kathmandu Darwari Square, Bakhtagur Darwari Square, Pashupati temples, Krishna temples, Patan Darwari Square, likewise. The Kathmandu soil profile is a lacustrine soil deposits having mostly unique plastic clay seals, calamity. This is a local name with a very soft to stiff consistency and having high sensitivity and also the high moisture contents. Most of the surface outcrops of study area is plastic clay seals that is Kali Mati and about 80 percent of area are covered with plastic clay seals and rest of sand soils, about 20 percent is sand soils in surface outcrops. So, our study soil types is a plastic clay plastic clay seals in which we are constructing our infrastructure on these soils. During the infrastructure development, we feel major challenges on construction of underground structures like basement excavation, underground cabling, pipelines, tunnels, archaeological sites, elevated structure with creeping subsidence, tilt, settlement, crack and failure of foundation soil mass. We have had so many problems in the construction of underground structures due to this plastic clay silt These problems help to identify my research gaps, which is in which we found in internationally like in Bangkok clay and London clay, They have proposed specific guidelines for infrastructure developments, but here no concrete guidelines of geotechnical parameters have been developed. So, we can see common problems repeatedly in design and construction activities like basement excavation, protection system, mat and raft foundations, footings and construction of pile foundations, well foundations, etc. In research objectives, I have proposed three research objectives. The first one is characterized soil properties. In this, the comprehensive analysis of field and laboratory soil parameters will be conducted or studied. And the second one is the develop design guidelines. We propose design guidelines on design and construction for unique soil conditions. And in third one, risk mitigation strategy. Considering safety and structural stability, we identify potential risks associated with underground construction in various soil types and suggest mitigation measures. Research methodology is the main part. In research methodology, first we are choosing the research area. The research area is a ring road area, Kathmandu Valley. There is a ring road area which is 27 kilometers in peripheral distance and it is a densely populated and crowded area. About 40 lakhs of people live in this area. All the government offices Issues in schools, colleges, market areas, in this area. The streets and roads are also narrow. Traffic congestion is higher in the higher side. And also the air pollution will be seen. Suppose this ring road area for research and similarly, in second research soil type, plastic clay silts, calamity, this is a local name, is the soil type. There are two types of soil that can be found. One is plastic clay silts, calamity and another is sandstone. swales. Most of the soil, about 80% is covered by plastic clay silt and remaining 20% by sandy swales. So we are proposing our research in plastic clay silts. Data collection and sampling. In data collection and sampling, we are using primary and secondary data on different related agencies in which we are collecting borer logs, maximum 50 meter depths and their soil properties, field as well as laboratory test data. In field, we are taking SVT values, N values, ERT values, values, resistivity values. Similarly, in laboratory tests, we are taking index properties, strength properties, compressibility properties, and permeability properties for further analysis, research analysis. this data then we can go in research design. The research design is a quantitative research analysis. We are following quantitative research analysis in which mathematical and statical approach is used for feed and laboratory test data. And similarly, modeling approach in which geotechnical software are used for numerical analysis and simulation, which provides us the interaction between different soil properties with foundation structures. In geotechnical software, we are using GIS, Geographic Information System, for making master plan of study area with soil types. Similarly, Geo5 and GeoStudio are used for design of foundation structures considering different soil types and their properties and parameters. Yeah. One. Yn ystod y 20au oes, mae'r cyfrifiadau yn cael eu cymryd yn ystod y 20au oes. Yn ystod y 20au oes, mae'r cyfrifiadau yn cael eu cymryd yn ystod y 20au oes. Yn ystod y 20.000 o flynyddoedd, mae'r cyfrifiadau'n cael eu cyflwyno i'r cyfansoddau. Yn ystod y 20au oes, mae'r cyfrifiadau yn cael eu cymryd yn ystod y 20au oes. Yn ystod y 20au oes, mae'r cyfrifiadau yn cael eu cymryd yn ystod y 20au oes. We don't have a grading sheet. Perhaps that will be something we do next time. We generally rely on potential advisors to say if the thing is. Yes, yes, thank you. Thank you. Yeah, P'Thong is going to be the potential advisor for this one, I guess. Thank you. I noticed there are three people in the afternoon. I'm not sure how many would be for whom but also if you can provide like just questions and like some comments to you know for the advisors to also help make decisions that would be cool. All right, thank you. He doesn't connect by Zoom. That's right. Can he connect by Zoom? Because another community will ask some questions. Can you connect by Zoom? the applicants to be in waiting room before they can join. So, we have to monitor if he's in waiting room right now. ไม่ ไม่ เดี๋ยวขอใช้เวลา 5 นาที เขาจะคอนเนค น่าจะมีปัญหาที่นู้น Yeah, Iris is CV, he is a lecturer. That's right. Lecturer from the university. Institute. And look like he... He have expertise for the civil engineering. And... I think his background is okay. but just need to know about experience to publication because he's assistant professor actually he should to have an experience for the publication yeah Okay, from me, Einstein is a back home. He's a assistant professor in the engineering college. He has a good background of the civil engineering, no doubt. His topics is related to civil engineering. That means he is going to the linked soil structure to develop the soil to construction It is an interesting concept, but I'm going to suggest him that foreigners should use geological information also. Because Nepal is a very much affected from the earthquake. So earthquake disaster management concept is also linked with his concept. When constructing soil aspect as well as geological aspect linked in his topics that will be very benefit for the academic sector as well as the policy maker sector. If he can do it, it will be great topics. My opinion in that. geotechnical. Yeah, actually, if you need to make the master plan about the earthquake, you should know about the geology. But I'm not sure in Kamadoosti, they already have the data of the geology. Geological data, we have the geological data. Even though we have the soil data also, and geological data also, everything is ready. So geological department Nepal, as this type of data. But he has to manage these things. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, because it's. issue to choose some specific city, you'll make the earlier study for us. Yeah, or the idea of the camera to spy be that is a large area but there is a one dimension that is connected. Hopefully, you can continue to presentation. You Okay. Okay. You can continue to present your presentation. Okay. Thank you, sir. . I सोनोज्जी तपेको स्किन सेर भागवाँ च्छा It's a. स्लाइड देखेगो सर्वादाई तेला तेला तेला क्लिक करना तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला तेला त Okay. chat box we can open that chat box Mm-hmm. Okay, if you have the problem, please send your slide to email so we can open from the from the emails. Do you know the email address? Maybe hang on. Drag the file into the chat box. We can open it. I have told you that we can provide the link to the chat box in the slide. Okay, you Okay, you can listen me. Hello. Yeah, I hear you. Do you know you can call it the last previous page. Yeah, I am. and laboratory data of clay soil mass from different parts of Kathmandu Valley. In the first, we will present a comprehensive of different soil mass, geotechnical parameter and guide in Kathmandu Valley. Then in second, we will use different geotechnical software and uses of soil parameters. Then we prepared geotechnical guidelines for design of construction and underground structure in Kathmandu Valley. And third one is to enhance structural stability and safety during the excavation and construction of underground structures in which the potential risk is evaluated and then enhance the structural stability and safety measures. Expected outputs and outcomes. The expected outputs is the preparation of design guidelines and effective construction practices in local soil conditions, enhancing the safety and durability of underground projects. Similarly, in expected outcomes, the outcomes will benefit the engineers, urban planners, policy makers, contributing to improvement of quality life and sustainable development in this region. At the end, thank you for listening to my Concept notes and it is open for questions and feedbacks. Thank you. One second. Thank you. OK, and your presentation is very interesting. Actually, it's OK. It's could be good for the PhD thesis, but do you choose the earlier study to be all the whole capital city? That's right. We have a ring road in Kathmandu Valley. It's peripheral distance is about 27 km. We will use inside and surroundings of ring road data. Open the Google map and perhaps you can point about the area of study you need to choose this. Because I saw from the Google map, the domesticity is quite big. And I also see the ring road. Yn ystod y 20au oes, mae'r cyfrifiadau yn cael eu cymryd yn ystod y 20au oes. You can share screen. Yn ystod y 20au oes, mae'r cyfrifiadau yn cael eu cymryd yn ystod y 20au oes. If you could not share screen, perhaps I can share my screen and open the Google map. It may be easy. My internet is very slow so the net opening I have used not this screen Okay, can you see this map? Yeah, this is a ring road. I assume your presentation you just say this one is ring road. 37 kilometers, that's right. Yeah. It is 27 kilometers. Very very distance. As I told you about the question about earlier study, you need to do all the whole in the ring road to be your area study. That's right. You just need to select only something in this path. Yeah. Okay. I am studying a whole area of Ring Road. Inside of Ring Road area and surroundings of the epic area. Outer line of surroundings of Ring Road area also. And this one you need to choose to be the area study? They have not given concrete parameters for all types of failures. They have not given a concrete solution, concrete guidelines. Okay. Because one of your purpose, you need to make DGI smart. for disaster management that's right that's the last objective and the first one you just need to just explore the area about just use for the some facility the first objective is data collection data collection from this area The smell of old data from primary and secondary data. We'll collect the laboratory and field test data. Okay. And we will study comprehensive analysis between them. Among them. Actually, I read your CV and I think you have a potential to study for the PhD student here. But the topic, you may be this card is again about the topic. You see, you're a lecturer for the university. That's right. And you have an experience. Kind of glad you didn't pick up. published two papers in national conference, a national conference from Nepal Engineering Association about the ground improvement of Kathmandu Valley. Okay. That's maybe enough. But you never have an experience to publication in the journal article. I'm not a public engineer And do you have some instrument in your university in applied geophysics is. office where I engage as a geotechnical engineer. We can manage geotechnical exploration equipment if required. Yeah, because I think if you have the data for the gravity, it maybe can support for your construction. I will collect the secondary data from different agencies. I will collect the data from different agencies. That is a government office and local consulting services. I can also collect them and some of our consulting services have also done the soil investigation works. in this area. Okay. We will discuss about the methodology maybe later. Because only some methodology maybe need more for support your data. Okay. Yes. Yes, sir. And perhaps we can use only maybe some specific earlier study inside the Kamadu city just like we test first. Yeah, they have studied, they have studied only the formation of data. but they have not done the comprehensive analysis with a common and projecting the common parameters to design and construction of underground structure. Only they have given a laboratory and field data, but they have not given for different soil type, different common data for different soil types. They have not given. Only they have found out just field and laboratory data. But they have not done any comprehensive analysis. They have just used for construction purpose only, but they have not make data for studying and research purpose, only giving the data because in Nepal, only 10 to 15 years just started the geotechnical investigation works. So all the data that's not gathering in one line. ಸಿವಾರ್ಡಿನ್ನು ಕಾರ್ಡಿನ್ನು ಸಿವರ್ಡಿನ್ನು ಸಿವರ್ಡಿನ್ನು ಸಿವರ್ಡಿನ್ನು ಸಿವರ್ಡಿನ್ನು ಸಿವರ್ಡಿನ್ನು ಸಿವರ್ಡಿನ್ನು ಸಿವರ್ಡಿನ್ನು ಸಿವರ್ಡಿನ್ನು ಸಿವರ್ಡಿನ್ನು ಸಿವರ್ಡಿನ್ನು ಸಿವರ್ಡಿನ್ನು ಸಿವರ್ಡಿನ್ನು ಸಿವರ್ಡಿನ್ನು ಸಿವರ್ಡಿನ್ನು ಸಿವರ್ಡಿನ್ನು ಸಿವರ್ಡಿನ್ನು ಸಿವರ್ಡಿ Somebody has done, but only for the design purpose. My aim is to correlate all the data, different data, like field and lab-related data as a comprehensive analysis. I'll give and I want to give. Uh, okay. We understand your concept that you are going to deal with, uh, soil to construction process process. That means your concept is a very unique. You have mentioned that nobody has done before. That's a very good thing. But one question is that when you are going to deal with this concept, when you are developing the guidelines, you should be validated that guidelines. I think that my suggestion that you have to do something, uh, like, uh, interaction of the policymaker is also essential because who is going to validate your guidelines? The policymaker should validate. One thing you have to add this concept in your research also. It is my suggestion only because you are developing the president and only your paper, only your concept guidelines is not valid. If the policymaker or some Baker has not validated your concept, that means you have to add some little bit qualitative research in this part also. Another part that you have to deal with only not only soil data, you have to, you should collect geological data also, because you are going to deal with the groundwater concept is very linked with your soil structure. You should collect the groundwater data also, water quality, water quality, water quality data also. If you collect water quality data, geological data, soil data, you can interlink this data and depth some simulation or some modeling concept to get the solid model for your research also. On the basis of this modality, you are going to develop the guidelines and your guidelines should be validated from the policymaker also. That means you should be at this concept also. And when you are going to deal with this concept, you should have the two types of knowledge essential. I know that you might have one is statistical analysis, mathematical analysis, another part is GIS analysis. GIS software you should handle, geological tools you have to handle. If you could handle this concept, I think that your topics is very interesting. Yes, sir. Okay. So, I think, yeah, yeah. Just for you, another student. Okay, thank you for your presentation today. And I think you have a potential to run for the PT student here. And we will contact you again. And we'll make some appointment to discuss about your topic again. Because today just interview to be general. Can I add something quickly? Hi, thank you. I'm a program director for this fellowship. So thank you for your time. Just want to clarify that this is the first step into the fellowship program, which is linked to the PhD program. So there is still kind of after this, the next step is for the qualified applicants, they would have to kind of work on a manuscript and to kind of to have paper that is ready for publish for really a journal publication. So just so you know that this is not a PhD program, but it's a fellowship program that will kind of be used to to decide if the applicant can continue as a PhD scholar with the funding. So that's something we want to communicate to everyone that this is an entry or interview into a program. And if you have any questions, please feel free to contact us via the email to clarify anything. All right, that's it for me. Thank you. Thank you.