Okay, thanks. we should how to mobilize the climate finance funds to the country. So how, what I think that the not only the climate finance, we need to go up to the green finance and the climate bond, its adaptations and what is the interest of the least developed countries to the adaptation of the climate bonds, like issuing the climate bond and green finance. So the topic is that. Myself is Sunit Sesh. My qualification is MBBS, Masters of Business Studies. from the Nepal, Tirvan University. I am working in the practical action in Nepal, Nepal office. It's a not for profit organizations, INGO. The head office is in the UK. So the globally, we have like eight or eight, nine country offices in the different countries. So Nepal is one of the that. And I am pursuing my role is the acting head of finance and services. So my role is like a finance like water management also look after the admin part as well. So just going to move the next slide. Okay. The major highlights is like a green finance. Like I already told about, talked about that. Like various climate funds are like generating and like collecting by the globally, like a green climate fund, adaptation fund, like another Los Angeles fund nowadays, the major issue or discussing point is the loss and damage fund. The least developed countries are trying to issuing like a to pushing the like a developed or developed country for to give us some amount of the loss and damage for like a least developed countries, effect in climate vulnerable countries. So there are many funds. So Green Finance covers all of the funds, including the domestic and international investment for the country. is economic development. So that is one part. Another is the debt market. The debt is one thing, but the climate bond market is also pursuing the raising the like day by day increasing, it's raising the more funds to investment low carbon economy sector. Just giving example for our neighbor country, government of India received around 980 million of the climate bond in on January, 2023. Yeah. And international financial corporations like IFC agreed to provide 250 million of the fund to agree to provide the Bank of Philippines, like a Bank of Philippines, Iceland. So IFC committed to provide those amount. So Bank of Philippines, BPI will be issued the climate bonds to the country in the Philippines. Japan is also emerging, embarking like a number of climate issuing the climate bond, like around 11 billion of the climate bond they are issuing. They issued recently, like five, six months ago, and Climate Bond Initiative is one of the global organization who certified those types of climate bonds for the country to country and are organized like ADB and other sides of other things. Like Japan is one of They recently issued around 11 billion of the climate bonds for the country economic deployment. And other thing is when we talk about the green finance, we don't forget about the green finance taxonomy. Taxonomy is a guideline, a tool, a framework to like a movement or mobilize the country's domestic or international money investment to the country economic deployment. Recently, I just my topic is for the least of home country So I went through the like Rwanda Bangladesh and Nepal Rwanda and Bangladesh were already sued their green finance taxonomy and Nepal also recently within a one month one month ago and Nepal also released the final Green finance taxonomy is released and the Government central bank will be more leading on those parts. So that is the part. Another part is the IRMI investment. Rwanda also issued the Green Finance Taxonomy and during the taxonomy, two larger banks were initiated for the IRMI investment to collect domestic and international money for the green climate funds and mobilized for the two parts. One is the credit providing credit facility for the eligible projects and other is the project preparatory facility. Facilitation two parts of the day will move or away for the mobilized funds for two way. Yeah, I'll only talk about the same to these Nepal Green Finance taxonomy. Yeah, I'll leave it moved. Yeah, it's all recovered. So next I'm moving next slide. Yeah, I also sometimes I read the like reports and like global reports something climate initiatives I follow and blended finance market. Sometimes I follow the GCF Green Climate Fund meeting board meeting and a patient once I I want to say a few like a video video for the like of what I I I I prepared and just want to keep permission in going through my LinkedIn. I also posted in my link thing. So just want to so what about the My Yeah, this is I prepared and actually This is I prepared for the adaptation funds board meeting and how the funds were mobilized, will be mobilized for the regional wide like Asia, like Africa, those parts of and that's what very short presentation prepared there and posted. Mr. Sunit, is this supposed to have sound? here it is now. Yeah, just going with the end of the slides for the how the GCF fund are mobilized with our like a three countries like Bangladesh, Nepal and Rwanda. So just 15 seconds like just want to highlight about the Green Climate Fund mobilize the funds to the countries not only the fully grant, it's a grant equity loan in kind and guarantee. So, and not fully funded those amounts. So, countries are required to provide some part of like around 50% part of the co-funding. So, I calculate, I collected data from the sources of the GCF websites and provided this just video, three countries. I just want to... Okay, just moving on my presentation now. Just moving on the presentation. I also sometimes like a review and review, like go through the Climate Bone Initiative's websites and follow the and review their reports, read the reports. And I just prepared one slides and I also shared in the LinkedIn. So what is the GSS bonds? Like a GSS bonds is like a climate bonds is allocated, segregated for three parts. One is the green bonds. We know already. And one is this social bonds, GSS. And another is a sustainability bond. And another is part is sustainably linked bond. There are the four types of climate bonds. We say the clean bones, but around few 67 percent of the climate wounds are in the green boards but few part of the like a social Sustainability and and sustainably linked bones are covering those parts When we see about that I just here side inside the blue bones are also emerging parts of the like a blue bones is like connecting with the sea and there is the like part of that and green finance taxonomy international I also follow the International Financial Reporting as I am an accountant, so I also follow the IFRS like around IAS International Accounting Standard and IFRS is International Financial Reporting Standards. In the climate change perspective, what the accountants are doing, so accountants are also doing to prepare the International Accounting Standards, so we can say the IFRS, International Financial Reporting Standards, so at that point they are preparing the sustainable accountability accounting system for the financial standard for to record and reporting for the climate change related impact in the financial accounting system. So the international accounting bodies are doing to finalize the accounting standards for the climate change impact and its aspects. I just focus on that. And carbon capture and storage technology is – this is the challenges for the accountants and other parts as well, other sector as well. How to record carbon captures and storage technology is difficult to measure and to convert in the accounting system, so it's also difficult to finalize the account IFRS due to this technology. And blended finance is also the emerging terms and mobilizing funds more to the like a climate blended finance. We now nowadays start talking about the climate blended finance. be like a quantitative approach, but sometimes we, I want to see with like the LDCs, least development countries interest to add up the climate goals and, or like a green finance at the time we don't have such data. So at that time we have to go, I have to go like a qualitative approach, data collection approach. So I will go with the like a stakeholders, government bodies like entities there to go to how the impression, how hard is the interest of the government bodies or overall country's interest to add up such kinds of funds, such kinds of to you, like issuing climate bonds for the, in the country's prospect. Literature review, yeah, literature review, sure, I will follow the, like, state literature and, Reaches us and I will follow the like various reports like a climate initiatives and other other entities who will produce the king finance and other other part of the reports so that will I will follow and the sewer that the data collection apples will be the quality tip and quantity data group discussions and focus group discussions and like sometimes talk with the national stakeholders at the time the data collection will be both quantity data will be from the like of various websites and entities like accredited entities and sometimes few data, quality data will gain from the stakeholders and other entities. So that case studies will be surely, I am working in the INGO, so climate finance and climate related projects are implementing in my organization as well as other organizations. So I will see it within my team and as well as connect with the other colleagues. So this will be no more problem for data collection. So that is the case studies. And data analysis will be more, I will be doing my classes when I will join that, like this PhD scholars. So that time I will join there. Data integration and conclusion recommendation also At the end of the validation, there will be validation workshops and other stakeholders' meetings. Confirmations from the stakeholders are the key things to provide me the conclusions and recommendations. Surely my guidance will support from the university and advisors will support more on that from the starting to end. things what I have the knowledge I will I will do and from the advisors recommendation I will follow and with complete the resource on in this sector Going to the another just the time Why did you select the topic like how did they select the topic? What are the resource gaps? Yeah, interesting thing is the I am following the green finance and climate bonds resource and things are from the a year ago one year ago and I am continuing reviewing the reports and writing something review and post my LinkedIn so Generated from that I want to also connect with the climate climate change is my accounting also want to some sometimes I link linking with those things and I am very this is the new topic like a clean finance and like a and climate one is the new topic. So I am also interested for those part. Gaps is the, I think there are many gaps, but in the least development countries are the, we are adopting the green finance. We are adopting the taxonomies. We are not there, started to issuing the like climate bonds, but we will issue after some time. I want to know about what is the country's perceptions to go with the climate bond or not. So this is main parts, these types of results required for the mis-deployment countries. Yeah, interesting part is all the things already I covered. So this is my interesting topic. And I'm also reviewing more reports and like a, it is a review, whatever I, I am available in the like the SharePoints and other like internet connections. So yeah, this is my interest topic. So I am reviewing and the reports and like literature review and things. What is the new things I'm very interested to know and read that things. Just going through the end of the topic. Yeah, objectives part is the, yeah, in this study I will analyze the internet and domestic cons and its impact. I already talked about more before. So how the country's perceptions to analyze or mobilize international and domestic cons utilization is impact. And other part is we are going through the green finance, green economy. So we need to talk about the, to conduct sectoral analysis, investment comparison, adapting the green and trans-finance because the least development countries have to do more economic deployment nowadays. So if there are more investment required, comparing with the transition financing system, so this need to be know about, have to be know for the least development countries, what is our like a cost, like a utilizing more funds for the green investment. The actually for appropriate solution to mobilise climate booms for the sustainable climate deployment. Yes. More likely the deployment banks and the central banks are. I think this is what the studying in this part. But I also look after what is the like issues and what is the challenges to mobilise climate booms for sustainable development okay expected outcomes for the like perceptions in finance and climate bonds identification of factors impact of factors for effective implementation of climate bonds climate funds there are various funds like green funds how to mobilize it in the which sector so this is also outcome identification of the factors affecting the difficulties to invest environmental fine deposits here what are the difficulties What is to like investment for the environment and finally project. So we need to know about the investor for safe perceptions. Even they sometimes after later eight and 10 years later, the scenario will come up with us for the climate change issues. We have to do about the investor will agree to go with the green investment, even if it's though they will take the less return comparing with the other traditional investment. So that is the scenario. Recommendation for the balanced approach for green finance and climate policy. We need to know about those policies. Balanced policies should be followed by the country. That's why the climate environment, we also save our climate environmental part. as well as the climate bond and the finances will mobilize in this sector. So these are the things. The publication is non. I'm saying the non, no publication till date from my side. I experienced this part is finance, awards and administration. I am looking in the international INGOs. since 2004, it's 20 years experience and I pursued my service in five international NGOs and one national NGO. So this is my six international organizations who I'm working in here. Yeah, I always said about the GCF funding short video, Nepal, Rwanda and Bangladesh. compilation and analysis I also share in my LinkedIn. There is the comparison of the three taxonomies Nepal, Rwanda and Bangladesh. What are their priority. Adaptation form video I already said that it was the 24th board meeting. Now it's I think I completed it. from my site. So I completed my. For giving me the. Opportunity for this. Perhaps you may be first. No, I have not published in any newspaper. my experiences in the AI. Hmm. Yeah, for the like quantity for the quantitative and quality parts I have planned to go to connect with colleagues who are the expert colleagues and the entities and they like certified organizations like a climate boards like a GC of like a and other national to get data for the qualitative analysis and for the sectoral investment, like sectoral analysis, like impact, like investment impact for the green finance and climate bond. Yeah, I have planned to go with like three countries. If I can, I will go with three countries. I will go with like Bangladesh is a near about to connect with my colleagues. Like country office, fact collection country office is in there. So I will connect with these guys and we'll go with those like a ministry level or government level. So what about the Bangladesh status? And I will, I have easily available to collect data and reaching out with the Nepal scenario. and discussion with like in the investment morality with various entities and sometimes we go with the industry level how they have planned to add up the climate bonds in the in as well as the central bank as well as and the development bank I have planned to coordinate with them. Um Yeah, I have those networks to go with those so that I will collect sufficient information. I have those connections, I have network with those guys and experts. They will provide us the data and information and other thing is the advisors like a university advisors will also support us Yeah, support me to provide necessary connections like this entity Soon if you have to go here, so you you should go there to connect something To collect or taking interview for this topic. So I obviously take necessary supports required support from the university advisors for the required information and myself will I will I will I will Try my best to collect to use my network and connections as well Um Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, okay, I like it Yeah, I'll do it Yeah at the time I will The app process actually what I am thinking now is one thing but when I when I enroll in this program, so I will take the suggestions from the advisors, obviously, and going through this, yeah. Yeah, at the time, systematic approach, actually, systematic approach we are talking about here is the thing, the interview perception is not only sufficient if these, some of people, some of the stakeholder answer about the responses they like that different than others, then obviously we, we team will review that in the part and we'll be conclusions how to do. If we do further interview with the another stakeholders or we need to decide the thing about within the team, I think, yeah, because of the scenario, if the major part of, if there is the major part of the answers are already in the positive side. That is fine if the if the if the contradict party the 50 50 percent then we'll decide with the I will support my advisors how to do and I will do accordingly. Yeah, for now, nowadays I am going with the reports and other information. part of the least deployment countries, Rwanda is doing the best because they have one approach how to mobilize or utilize funds for the green finance to gain for climate finance fund to the way of the mobilizations. So Rwanda is the one of the best and the emerging part is the Chile and China and USA is also the very USA, Germany are the major leading countries and the supranational countries here say that like like unions like the EU and ASEAN countries are also developing their taxonomy and they are also mobilizing funds in a good way. In terms of the ores, I don't want to say about the ores, but not to rethink the climate funds and issuing the green bonds. countries are the behind countries I say I want to say like I Want to say don't not not to know more about but Nepal is also the behind to mobilize the climate fund and like issuing the climate bond as well as other countries are more but other more countries but in my like in my in my list Nepal is also in the behind to mobilize the climate fund and issuing the Greenbone to prepare the policies and practices. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Um Um Um Yeah, for the currently, yeah, currently now what is is driven by government and by the stakeholders like Profit-making or not not not for profit many organizations are like a deployment organizations are leading or facilitating The like a climate funds nowadays, but the scenario is little bit changing Yeah, it's a now say one not only for the deployment organizations with the the old scenario is going to be look for the climate blended finance so what the climate villain blended finance is more focus on to support the like a private private private companies, private industries to mobilize, they provide climate funds to the climate blended finance for the very subsidies in the very subsidies loan and some more part is the grant as well. And what they committed is agreed is to provide like a one million of the dollar and The private companies have to accelerate those four to five times to mobilize funds to the climate low carbon economy sector or climate environment projects. So these are the scenarios changing. And my view is, let's see what the global scenario is, how the global scenario is doing. So we can also see what in my study will also cover what is the pros and cons of the green finance mobilized through the government or like through the development entities and development organizations or going through the entities like the development agency to the private sector. So I will also, this is opportunity for me to cover this the topic, this things as well. Okay for the if the topic is broad for what I presented from my side If we have to take I have to take my like results to complete the PLC so at the time I will concern with my advisors and how how much I we can change the topics like a Can narrow down or just like a sinking from the broad to little bit. So I'm very OK with this absence. Yeah. I'm OK with this. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay, fine. I think if Dr. Tanwa is happy, that's good enough. We're just going to have to communicate back with you if there is any additional information and questions we have later. Meanwhile, if you have any questions, just feel free to email to us directly as well. about the two concept, green finance and the carbon bond, the climate bond. Okay, I understand that the climate bond is a global concept. It links with the social aspect, economic aspect, environmental aspect. It covers global philosophy. That means when we were talking about the green finance, it is the regional philosophy or the local philosophy. So when you are going to merge two concepts, It is very difficult to do research. My suggestion is that go for one concept. Okay. You can go for the green finance. Okay. Carbon, uh, uh, climate bond can be interlinked inside the green finance also. If you are interested for the, uh, climate bond, okay. You can go for the climate bond. Uh, uh, green finance also. It modes with the, uh, climate. So it is very difficult to merge green finance and climate bond together. So my suggestion is that go for one concept. If you are interested in green finance, go for that one. If you are interested for the climate bond, go for that concept. This is my suggestion. Okay, when you are going for the green finance, you have to mostly you have to deal with the quantitative analysis. That means you have to know about the statistics. Okay, so sorry. Yeah, actually, yeah, we We can go with the one, the broad, if the green finance is broad, then I will include the climate bond is one of the objectives of the study. So yeah, we will think and we'll see. After that, after discussion with the advisors, I will be happy to take your suggestions. Yeah. Yeah, actually I know about the university and program is actually an environmental program. So if I will join the, if I will join the like a, like a PhD program. So I think we have the many scopes, I think, and the network. mobilize and I will talk with the advisors and sure I will solve this situation. I will be if the green finance is abroad and include in one of the objectives is a climate bonds, how can we merge in this objective? So I'm okay with for the flexibility. Gadgets Gadget, gadget Yeah. Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you. For me, the main thing is if you are willing. Well, the main thing is if you're willing to work with him, that is enough, I think, because he's an advisor and a responsible. I think that's the key thing, the kind of realistic expectation and clear communication about what his role and what, because I think a lot of people were still thinking that they will get a lot of guidance from the advisor. and then they kind of wait, you know, to let's say to be taught skills. And if you want him to get certain things done and he has to learn new skills himself, you can just point it to him, look, you know, I probably won't have time to teach you everything, but here are the resources, please get it done by when. And yeah, that would be what we want. No, not any help. Yes, you should have the statistical knowledge because they are going to the quantitative analysis. When you get the use financial data and you are going to deal with the analysis process, we could manage this concept. There is a chance of obligation, but you can give the chance on the basis of the performance. Then we'll decide. One point, Hanwha, quickly, maybe if you can write up what you think he needs to do order to work with you. So it's like kind of clearly laid out. Send it to Andrea because we will kind of send an email to the applicants. This is they haven't done qualify like wait so this is a second batch that we this this one that we are interviewing they will not do qualifying exam This is the second batch. So are you talking about the first batch that did the qualifying exam, which is a different group? That's correct, yeah. So for this second batch, actually the only thing that we will use to judge their ability to go to PhD to get a scholarship is the manuscript. I don't think we even have a qualifying example just yet. Yes, please do that. Because some of them, some of applicants that we interviewed on the first day, we did ask some more information. So yeah, please do that before you decide. Cool, all right. Thank you, have a good lunch. Bye. you