Hello everyone, my name is Bandita Virakitikul. I will present about the research progress. My research is oil pump mapping using multiple temporary satellite images by Google Earth Engine. The study area is in Praipraya and Krabi province. The introduction of my project is about collecting the data from the study area. I use Google Earth Engine to generate the plan shape of the mapping. I use data from Sentinel-2, correct band 2, 3, 4, and 8 to generate the data set. The cloud resolution of that band is 10 Mbps. The Google Earth Engine is useful for doing analysis for the large scale from geospatial, big data, and improved cloud computing. The objective is to estimate the oil pump's stand on satellite images by using Google Earth Engine. The expected outcome will be geospatial data for estimating the oil age of the oil pump's stand at flood level. And for support the sustainable management of the oil pump's penetration and government policy about the oil pump's penetration management, water use, land use, and anything for the government policy. So the result from the last year, I correct the data from Sentinel-2, the pre-processed, and multiple spatial plan shapes the image. And the restoration index is EVI, NDVI, AVI, BSI, and SI. And now I have the model of this for compare with the fieldwork. The field data is the training data and test data. Now I'm on the process survey. This is the photo for the Google Earth Engine. And I generate the code on this. This is the plan shape image from Sentinel-2. I have this. This is the plan. After that, now I'm on the cloud survey and model development. And I plan for that in August. In August, I have the proposal defense. And after that, I do the thesis defense and publication. And I continue to do the survey work and data tracing and training. Thank you. Thank you very much, Bantita. Any questions? I'm not sure that how many percent of your work. It's now 40% because I'm still with cloud survey and do the plan shape for this data. Maybe you have to running, I think. Yeah. You have to running. So, please discuss with your supervisor to plan for the field. Yeah, I think you have to run now. Yeah. Yeah, so if not any questions, we can move to the next one. Thank you very much, Bantita. Thank you.