Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to my presentation. I am Ekachai Kokkaew. Today, I would like to present a project report about oil palm deal activation using a satellite image and machine learning approaches. My outline, I present today, the introduction, the picture, this show the problem of oil palm reformer facing a problem with low yield and low price. Oil palm industry have facing oversupply in the market and all over sometimes shortage of the production due to cannot be activated of oil palm yield. In the research, we will develop a model to develop for the ultimate oil palm yield by integrating primary data, satellite data, and technology to solve the problem of agriculture and palm oil industry. This methodology is consist of four parts. The first part is data collection and prepare data. The second part is canopy density. I use a form calculate, oil palm, stem, egg, and tree. Box three is training data set and validate data set for input in model. And four box, the model using the four processing, I use a model regression. This picture show study area, the study area in the Pai Paya province. The result and analysis, this is a picture show egg of oil palm tree and oil palm yield data per process. And oil palm stem egg from analysis from satellite image. This data table, sorry. The table show the six, the show correlationship heat map. And the table show the six model. It's what found that the random forest, this model has high square value compare other model. The prediction result for the oil palm yield product are found to be consistent with the actual production, indicating that they are being used for the preliminary forecast. However, our future refinement is still need to improve accuracy. In the future, this project simulatement plan, I have reformed this model into manual script writing chapter four and five and thesis defense. In the future, when I successfully develop the model, I will be able to proceed with publishing and writing report and preparing for the thesis defense according to plan. Thank you for attention. Thank you very much, Dekakshai. Any questions? The predictive curve that you've got, which I think is slide number nine, doesn't look all that good, does it? What's the problem with the prediction? It seems to be that the predicted values are a bit too low. Is that correct? Yeah. Okay. So, why do you think the correlation isn't particularly good? Do you get the question? I think I talked with my co-editor. My supervisor talked about this result. Maybe me and my supervisor think it can make a good model by using other parameters in the model. For example, I use only NDPI. But I can also use SAVI, SAVI is about soil area. SAVI and MWI, many parameters from satellite. I see. You mean that you will discuss with your supervisor that maybe use a new index or new something to solve the problem, right? Yes, yes. If you look at slide eight, which is the one just before, have a look at slide eight. Have a look at slide eight, the one before this one. Slide number eight, please, yes. Yeah. Now, let's see. Which one is the worst? I think this is more than 80, more than 60 first. I think this is very low. And sometimes in index, supervisor think it can remove and add new index. Yes. So the random forest is the best one. But, you know, the other, you know, some of the others are not very good at all. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's fair enough. Okay. Any questions? Okay. Thank you very much, Ekashai. So we will move to the next one.