material and easy to remove after use. The next part is the fabrication of cryogel with the DMP for bed experiment. For bed experiment, these parameters were investigated. For the result of bed experiment, the effect of initial concentration, contact time, and effect of pH as the optimized condition provided the removal efficiency more than 95%. And the value of pH final corresponded to the PSC value. That means the surface area of cryogel will have the negative charge and can be suitable for the absorption of methylene blue or cationic dye. The part of absorption isotherm study. The R square with the 0.99 confirmed that this study fit with the Langmuir model and pseudo-second order model and not fit with the intraparticle diffusion model due to the graph has too slow. It's not theoretical. The next part is CONREACT4 experiment. The cryo-DMP was prepared as a monolithic material, and these parameters were investigated. In the result of the CONREACT4 experiment, impact of fluoride at 5 and 10 minutes per minute is more efficient than the other with 97% removal. And at concentration of 10 milligrams per liter, with 99% removal, efficiency more efficient than the other. And for the study of the height of the column, show that the removal efficiency was the same at 99%. For the result of the real sample application, with that study, show that the removal increased from 30% to 78%, and for the CONREACT4 experiment, increased from 36% to 66%. For the summary, at the optimized condition, a bad experiment was developed with more than 95% removal efficiency and 99% for CONREACT4 experiment. For my future research plan, now I am preparing the manuscript for submission. It's almost done. I am also preparing the thesis book and plan for the defense examination in July or August this year. Thank you for your attention. Thank you very much, Karita. Any questions from the audience? Hello? Can you hear me? Yes. OK, Karita, I have a comment. Very good. Thank you. Thank you so much. OK, one question for me is, like, your work comparing to your previous one is before you used just in the form of powder of DMP, right? And this current work is you change it to hydrogel. Is that right? Yes, but the previous work is not my work. It's from another one. But they only use it in the powder form. For my work, I adapt to put it in the cryogel to make it, like, the bigger material and easy to use. OK, and all the efficiency, like, for removal of the contaminant is OK. Like, it's better, right? When you use it in the form of cryogel, its efficiency is better than in powder form, right? It's almost the same for the powder form. It's, like, 98% to 99%. But for my work, it's 95% to 97%. So a little bit lower, but it's more convenient to use and better for environment. Yes, yes, yes, that's right. Yeah, thank you. Thank you for the question.