is Mr. And everyone, my name is Pithapat Vittakorn. Today, I present the study of phytoplankton community structure around Phuket Island using treatment analysis by high-performance liquid chromatography. Phytoplankton are the primary producer. Sorry to interrupt you, but there are black areas on the screen. Can you move the other windows out of the screen? Yes. You have to move many things out of your screen. Yeah, that's better, and on the top as well. So, can you reset the time? Thank you. It's okay now. Okay. Phytoplankton are primarily produced in the food chain. This will transfer energy to higher beings. The most study of phytoplankton that was seen in the Anaman Sea almost all collecting samples and analyzing their small quality using by light microscopy. This technique requires a high level of expertise and highly time-consuming. In my work, I will use the HPLC technique to analyze the phytoplankton pigment. The advantages of phytoplankton have pigment, and pigment will remain even if the sample is damaged. And variation of phytoplankton pigment respond to phytoplankton cognitive structure. Phytoplankton pigment is related to the optical property of seawater. To study the cognitive structure and physiological adaptation of phytoplankton in Anaman Sea based on information from study by microscope and pigment from measurement using HPLC technique and expand the relationship between environmental factor and cognitive structure and physiological of phytoplankton in the Anaman Sea using pigment data. Study area, seawater sample were collected near the coast of Phuket at this station in July and December, 2017, show the map. Seawater sample will be analyzed in three ways. One, phytoplankton pigment. Two, microphytoplankton pigment. And three, phytoplankton sample analyzed morphology by microscopic. The preliminary study, pigment of phytoplankton identified by pigment standard, the result that show the figure and specific pigment can identify phytoplankton. For example, phytoplankton can refer to diatom. In future work, the data analysis and interpretation will be analyzed in May and June. And I will take the public forum in next semester. Thank you. Thank you very much, Kitapak. Any questions? Just a question about wet season and dry season. What are you doing about phytoplankton communities in wet season versus dry season? Okay. Can you hear the question? Again, please. Again, please. If I understand correctly, Professor Ray wonder about the wet and dry season. I mean the difference between phytoplankton or wet and dry season. What is the difference? Okay. When you look at future work there, you're taking your samples in July to December. Now, that is the wet season. Now, what worries me a bit about the way you presented your project is that the phytoplankton community around during the dry season will be quite different. And so that's the question that I'm concerned about. So if you cannot answer the question now, maybe you should discuss with your supervisor. Because in my opinion, like the community of the phytoplankton in wet and dry season, I think it should be different. I do know from the work that I did with Ood that it is quite different. Yeah, so you can discuss with your professor. Is that okay? Okay. Okay, thank you very much, Kitapak. So we will move to the next one, Sunisa.