I am doing MSc in Earth System Science. The topic of my study is properties of one-part geopolymer pedestrian blocks made using 100% waste materials. So the contents I would cover is the introduction, experimental procedure, test methods, and the progress update. With the increase in human population, the demand and production of cement has increased. And the different stages of cement production have various negative impacts, such as high energy consumption, depletion of natural resources. And it also contributes to the global carbon emission and causes health-related concerns. At the same time, with the increase in human population, there's an abundance of solid waste. And waste management is one of the biggest challenges faced by developing countries. Most of the waste are dumped on landfills. And this also causes health risks and poses great threat to the environment. So challenges as such has led scientists and researchers to come up with more innovative and sustainable methods of dealing with the waste, such as reusing waste in different areas of construction. One such innovation is the development of geopolymer concrete. So geopolymer concrete is the most sustainable and innovative construction material. It potentially reduces waste stock since it uses industrial byproducts for the preparation and is not only beneficial to the environment, but also economical. The basic preparation process, it makes use of a pozzolanic cementitious material, such as blast furnace slag, coal, fly ash, and red mud, alkali activator to activate the binder materials. And apart from it, just have to add water and aggregates. So the objective of the research is to develop an eco-friendly geopolymer block made from 100% waste materials, with the addition of recycled waste plastic, and to find the optimum composition of materials for the preparation of the block. So the experimental procedure consists of two parts. One is the determination of final mixed proportion. And the second one is preparation of geopolymer blocks. So these are the materials required for the concrete specimen, which is fly ash, slag, recycled aggregate, sodium metasilicate, recycled waste plastic, water, and super plasticizer. The second part is the block preparation. So the blocks were prepared in a laboratory. And certain tests were conducted, which is the compressive strength test, flexural strength test, abrasion test, absorption test, speed resistance test, and SEM analysis. So all of these tests were done in the lab laboratory. And the progress update is all of the tests have been conducted, and the results are obtained. However, the results are still being analyzed. So once the results are analyzed, the findings of the study can be presented. And the manuscript and thesis book will also be completed within one month. Thank you. Thank you very much, Minha. Any questions? OK. Now, so you've based your project basically on making bricks, artificial bricks. I'll tell you a thing that I have seen in Australia where people have played with waste plastic is fence posts. They make fence posts. And that seems to be very, very successful. So that's another potential use is making fence posts. Yeah. So anyway, that's rather good. OK. Now, where are you going to try and publish this? In an engineering journal or what? Either an engineering journal or a science journal. Yes, probably. Yes, the best chance, I think, would be an engineering journal. And I think it'll work out OK. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you very much, Minha. Any questions from the audience? I'm not sure you used the component of the polymer. You add the fine ash into the polymer, right? In the fine ash, there are a lot of heavy metal in the fine ash. Do you have a plan to change the flexibility of the heavy metal from the brick to the environment after use? So the fly ash that I have used, so the experimental procedure is already completed. The fly ash that I used was obtained The fly ash that I used was obtained locally. And the tests were done in Bangkok, King Mongkut University. So you mean that you are still waiting for the result to test the heavy metal? Because Professor Warawit worried that the fly ash that added to produce the brick maybe contain heavy metal. And do you have any plan or any suggestion to make the brick did not release any heavy metal to the environment? So that has not been included in the study. However, the chemical composition and everything was in the study for use of the fly ash. OK, so it's not in the scope. But maybe we have like the supervisor maybe have to study more, right? OK, thank you. Heavy metals shouldn't be too much of a worry if you're putting in some silicate because silicate generally immobilizes heavy metals anyway. So the thing is that and waste plastic would be very good for semi-permanently binding metals as well. Yeah, yeah, OK. Thank you very much, Minha. So we will move to Miss Banjita Veera Kittikul. Please, Banjita.