Okay, thank you very much. I will present Pocket's report, entitled The Development of Medical Health Monitoring Algorithm Using Remote Sensing. Okay, okay. Other representation, one, introduction to accomplishment assessment. Three, what to do next. This study area on Pocket province as a mangrove area in Pocket. Introduction, mangrove are important forest in the world ecosystem. A huge source of carbon biomass. This is also a forest that is important to the local ecosystem in many ways. Collecting data in mangrove forest is little challenging due to limitation in accessing the area. Time-consuming data collection, high expensiveness and limits bilateral coverage. Therefore, remote sensing principle utilize accurate data over large geographical area. The objective of this research is to develop an algorithm to monitor the health of mangrove forest using satellite image. Two, accomplishment assessment. This is a sample of mangrove area. And this is my plan objective to collect data. This preliminary classified from satellite imagery. From the imagery, we can observe a composite of two and four color image. This is another basic assessment of vegetation health. Distinguishing vegetative area from non-vegetative one. Then we further devise to using the mangrove index to predict the health of mangrove forest. Subsequently, we classify them into the following category. Then dark green. Dark green is thought to be healthy plant. And light green is thought to be unhealthy plant. Yellow green is thought to be another pest species. Yellow and red is thought to be not mangrove area. Subsequently, data collection point were selected by comparing image from two color and mangrove index. It was also that this area exhibited clear color distinction. Leading to predominant selection for data sampling like this. Additionally, additional sample data collection point were chosen within the light green area. Total 16 points. And dark green area 16 points. All of these actions constituted the process. For following this data collection in the field will proceed on May 14th in this year onwards. What to do next? One, in field data visited the area to collect leaf sample in the mangrove forest. Measuring the leaf extent of leaf in the mangrove forest. Classification of mangrove health level for leaf extent value. And two, process satellite image. Calculating the vegetation index from satellite image. And three, algorithm development. Satellite imagery data and field data were used to develop an algorithm for measuring mangrove health by using neural network. Thank you. Thank you very much, Purit. Any questions? Maybe one question. Purit, can you explain me in the detail how can you combine neural network to estimate the mangrove health? Oh, I will use two data. Data from field data and satellite image. Satellite image used to measure mangrove health and satellite image used data with vegetation index. With my vegetation index, I think I will use about five index, NDVI, NDWI, MIMI and SAVI, GNDVI and EVI. MIMI and SAVI, GNDVI and EVI. So field data, I will go to collect the data on May 14th in this year. And use all data to call the main algorithm. Okay, thank you very much, Purit. Yeah, so thank you very much, Purit. So we will move to the next one. Thank you.