Hello everyone, hello everyone, today I'm Panawat Wong, our project report is the development of the world titanium RSM-741 FNC for pharmaceutical and personal care product via cardiac system. Now there is an antibiotic contamination with the wastewater treatment system unable to treat pharmaceutical contaminated with water, making it easy to affect the environment, forcing pharmaceuticals to result in antibiotic resistance and changes in the morphology and behavior of organisms, but amoxicillin was then used as a sample in the experiment. At present, it is used as one oxidation process helps eliminate pharmaceuticals with photocatalysis. The advantages of titanium dioxide are removing organic metals contaminated in water from the use of silver dioxide, titanium dioxide resulting in photocatalysis, helping as well. Therefore, the idea was to use MCM41 material with silica structure, hexagonal pore and high surface area to be used as a supporting material catalyst. The objective is to develop the FNC of silver titanium RSM-741 to the creation of amoxicillin that contaminates water under LED light regulation via cardiac system. And this is our synthesis silver titanium RSM-741 using the method adapted from Mahana 2017. Result of testing the characterized as follow SRD technique show characteristic of MCM41 and silver on the material surface and SEMEDX technique show the presence of silicon titanium and silver on the catalyst surface and TEM technique show the hexagonal pore structure of MCM41 and the structure of the catalyst and BAT technique show that when silver titanium was at the surface area decreased but the pore size of catalyst had increased. Therefore, we took the material to test for photocatalysis with degradation of amoxicillin under LED light by comparing in different condition including they are safe as follow protein material on white screen and then amoxicillin removal test under LED via cardiac system. Finally, the spectra value was measured with spectrophotometer and calculate using the formula percent removal. Result efficiency of amoxicillin degradation, the best condition to remove is amoxicillin catalyst and amoxicillin catalyst are also rated equivalently by as high 99%. Publication of thesis, I give oral presentation at the 10N International Conference on Engineering and Technology or ICT 2024 at ICC Hat Yai Songkhla this past February. Now, and future work now in the process of writing a report and TC defense in June 2024. Thank you. Thank you very much, Panawat. Any questions? Hello, I know what can you hear me? Just one question about the LED light that you use. What type of LED light do you use? Do you use UV light or is it a visible spectrum light? UV, okay. Ah, that's not actually shown on the figure. No, you should mention that you're using UV light. Okay, no trouble. Okay, one question please. Panawat, do you think your work is successful to like use the material you created to remove the amoxicillin from like in the lab? It's successful, right? Yes. And what about if you apply it in the real like wastewater or in the real environment sample? Have you ever tried with the real sample from environment? Yeah, it's a real example. Like if, have you used the material you created to remove amoxicillin from the real sample from environment? Like from real water, real wet water. Does it work well or because you already proved that in the lab, it works well, right? But I just wonder, is it also successful when you use it with the real wastewater? It have the other like effect. Sensitive water in lab. Just test with the like synthetic water in the lab, right? But haven't tried to apply with the real sample, like water sample. Is that right? Or you have tried some? Because I think it will be good if you like, you know, you can test it with the real sample have some work on the real sample to prove that even it's not very successful as you use with the synthetic water. But if it shows some reduction of the amount of amoxicillin from the wastewater, when you use your material, it will show like. Let me answer the question. You would like to try to answer the question. Have you tested your system with real sample? Yes or no? No. OK. So I would like to tell Professor Vilasini that I think it's quite difficult for him to test in to test the real sample because the amoxicillin in like the real water, it contaminate with very low concentration and he cannot use only spectrophotometer to test it. So by now, he test only like the synthetic water. I think if he would have to apply to the real sample, he needs the separation technique to separate the amoxicillin from other matrix until the like the concentration before treatment. And after that, he can tell them that he can tell the efficiency of his system. So it means it's possible to do it, but it's quite complicated for now. Right. So I know what I think like the suggestion from Professor Ari is very, very interesting. You may like put in the like future work or recommendation like for the future work in your like for the future work in your thesis, because it will be very useful for the other student who will continue your work or maybe yourself come back to like continue in maybe in the future, your PhD, maybe. Yeah. Yes. Yes. The best place to look for amoxicillin contamination would be in some treated sewage to try to have a look if you can use UV light to destroy residues in treated sewage. And the Phuket sewage plant produces lots of sewage and very, very interesting compounds in it. Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much, Pannawat.