Thank you very much. We will send data, and I sit with our case study in Anaman region, Thailand. About my post-it, it's about creating some model to identify the relationship between the land surface temperature, land use and cover, and now to understand or predict some missing value for the extensive of the first one. And then I have to correct the bias in the rotation data using a relationship of the both of the variables, such as land use, land cover, elevation, or any terrain or slope, and then to understand the phenomenon of the temperature. If you show in the screen, it's about the case study. As you will see in the red rectangle, there are so many scenes on my research study, and then I have to re-proceed one by one, and then try to adjust the seasonal adjusting for the variable, and now we create the model to understand the trends up there in this region, how do they do relationship between the variable I intend. For example, this model generate the three different trends in my model, and another one is to create some effect sheet with the other relationship in this graph. It is about the relationship into the elevation, land scope, and more variable, for example, NDVI path. And for my processing now, I am delay of my progress, so now I have to run my data again to update the data into present, and other thing is about to update my statistics method to put in the present approach, and other thing is about I am writing the thesis book and prepare to defend, and first of all, I have to write a paper to publish first one, and then to defend this. Other thing is about my course work, it compress my English, it is also part in my process of work, it is about to writing a paper and to defend the paper. Thank you very much. Thank you very much, Phuong Narung. I have one question. I am not sure that when will you plan for your thesis defend? First of all, I need to write a paper to publish because I have plan to write the blue one, then I have to publish first. My paper will publish, I plan to about the last of the September. Then if my paper is accept, then one or two months, I will plan for final defend. Okay, thank you. Any more question? Okay, so no more question. Thank you very much, Phuong Narung. Thank you very much.