Can I just confirm, is the screen visible? Yes, yes, please start. Okay. Good morning, respected Research Committee members and my advisor. Thank you for giving me this opportunity to present my concept note. The hospitality industry plays a big role in the economy and provides many jobs. However, it is also one of the industry that uses lots of energy and adds to pollution. Hotels, resorts, and restaurants need electricity, heating, and cooling to keep their guests comfortable, which not only increases the financial costs, but also harms the environment by emitting carbon. Using energy in a smart way can help reduce costs and protect nature. Some solution includes use of renewable energies like solar power, energy-saving lights, smart heating and cooling system. These methods help hotels save money and attract customers who care about the environment. In Nepal, we have seen growth in tourism sector recently, but while other countries are switching to more greener solution in recent years, in context of Nepal, it's slightly slow to adopt them, which may be due to the high cost and lack of awareness and policy. This study will explore ways to make hotel more energy efficient in a way that is affordable and environmental friendly. So for this study, three research problems has been identified. The first problem is there is a lack of clear energy strategy in many hotels where renewable and non-renewable sources are combined without proper planning. There has been few case studies identified in context of Nepal, but we haven't seen any research which has been conducted at the industry level. The second problem is there has been a slow adaptation of eco-friendly solution in hotel operation and not lots of research has been conducted to identify why is the reason so. And lastly, the third problem is limited research on consumer attitude to other eco-friendly hotels in Nepal, making it difficult to develop the effective policy. So overall, the study aims to explore the challenges, field research gaps and provide valuable insight to help hotel owners, policymaker and consumer to make informed decision for sustainable future. So for this research, I have identified three research objective. The first one is to determine optimal energy uses to minimize the cost and environmental impact. The second one is to explore the barriers for implementation for the hotel industry for the sustainable practices. And lastly, to assess the level of consumer awareness regarding eco-friendly hotels and their willingness to pay for this type of services. In this research, following other, some of the outcomes that I'm expecting, the first one is a development of a strategic framework to guide policymaker and hotel business owners in terms of selecting cost-effective and sustainable energy mix to reduce carbon emission. The second one is to identify identifications of key barriers and motivator for adopting sustainable practices, creating in policies and developing in industry guidelines. And lastly, insights on consumer behavior and their willingness to pay for this type of services. The research takes into account different theories in the field of sustainability includes, triple bottom line theory, energy management theory and theory of plant behavior. In this research, I primarily gonna focus on the hotels that is within the Kathmandu Valley for this particular study. And its significance is important because it promotes sustainable energy practices. It also gonna help us to develop effective policy for sustainability in the industry. And lastly, try to enhance industry competitiveness in including Nepal that we have seen globally as well for promoting green and eco-friendly. In terms of methods for the whole study, I'm gonna use both the qualitative and quantitative method based upon the research objective. For research objective number one, I primarily gonna collect data from the hotels that's include the collection of financial data, the energy users data and the carbon emission and use descriptive and correlation analysis to find out the interrelationship. And further, this finding will be further discussed with certain expert to validate the framework. For research question number two, I primarily gonna use the qualitative approach where in-depth interview will be conducted with hotel managers, policymakers and industry experts and thematic analysis will be used to identify the common barriers and motivation from this study. And for the last research objective, I primarily gonna use a quantitative research where around 300 guests will be surveyed and descriptive and casual relationship will be used to understand the underlying pattern regarding their motivation to come up in this type of services. Here are a few of the references that I've used for this concept note. This is the planned like timeline that I've come up with. These are a few of the publication that I'm targeting in this particular PhD program. And finally, I'd like to thank the committee member and my advisor, Dr. Kewali.