OK, great. So can you share your slide, please? Thank you. From your permission, I want to share my slide. OK. May I continue from your permission? Yes, please share your screen first. Good morning, respected advisors, and thank you. Just a moment. Can you please share your screen? We don't see your screen. Isn't it coming? Can you please share your presentation on Zoom? OK, yes. We can see the screen now. OK. Can you click on Presentation? May I continue? Yes, please continue. Good morning, respected advisors and the faculty members. My topic is environmentally friendly road development in rural Nalitpur, Nepal. I'm glad to present my topic. And with your permission, I want to continue with my presentation. Let's talk about my study area and my focus area. This is the problems of my research. This is my study area in Nepal. And this is a Nalitpur region. And the main problem of my research is deforestation. You can see in the picture of the deforestation due to road construction and soil erosion. This is the soil erosion due to the construction of road. We can see. And these are pictures taken from my study area. And there are some research gaps, which will justify my research. And some can focus on integrating technologies. GIS is not used in previous research. And limited research on rural areas, like my region, Nalitpur, and lack of studies on the long-term environmental impacts. Let's talk about the aims of the study. You can see in the picture how I can focus on my study. We can use eco-friendly materials and techniques by engineering construction techniques, suitable construction techniques. We can reduce soil erosion. And this figure can describe about the eco-friendly roads. And how can we minimize the earthworks in construction by using our innovations and study of output of this research. Talking about the expected outcomes of my study, by using these tools, we can get an environmental impact assessment report. And we can also get the community insight and recommendations report. And we can recommend policies from our output. Let's talk about the theories, significance, scope, and limitations of the study. Mainly, my study will be focused on the sustainable development theory. We can see it in the figure, how sustainable development theory works. It aims to balance environment, social and economic condition of the study area. And talking about the significance of the study, we can see the significance, like environmental impacts of the road development. And we can input through focal group discussions of the community and policy recommendations for the local governments also. Talking about the scope, focusing on the basic environment and social challenges, we can get different and will address the unique needs and the concerns also. And talking about the limitations, the reliability of the results to the other areas, maybe this study is in a small area. So it may not be appropriate to the other different geographical conditions. And talking about the time frame, we have a short time frame, so that it may not be apparently useful. Talking about the objective, access to the environment impact of the road, we can have tools with GIS, focus on discussion and public opinion, and expert interviewing for making policies. My research objective, talking about problems and research questions, we can arise the objectives, like estimate the environment impact of the road development in Lollapalooza, to gather public opinions and assess the community's views, and sustainability materials, and to identify key policy gaps and formulate recommendations for the sustainable road development. And these are some references I used for my study. I have tabulated it. And this is my project timeline. I have divided into six activities, and we will finish my study in six semesters and three years. And these are some journals I want to publish my journal in these journals I have shown it. From our study, there are different conclusions and remarks we can get. I'll be glad to present my presentation, and I will be glad for any questions. Thank you. Thank you very much. Any questions from Zoom? OK. I might start my question, which is, so in this area, do you want to focus on the road construction? So how do you? So you said you're going to use GIS to analyze. Do you have data from in the past, historical data that would allow you to analyze it using GIS about the area, about erosion? OK, madam. Thank you for your question, and I'll be glad to answer you. Talking about the GIS and the area, my major experience was in the road constructions, and I have a small knowledge of the GIS software also. But I'm not a perfect GIS operator, but I have a lot of knowledge, and I will make it better by achieving training. And talking about the past data, my experience was almost in the same field, so that it will be very easy for me to collect data and reports regarding to this study. Thank you, madam. OK, my next question is about, so because your topic is environmentally friendly road, what are the kind of existing knowledge or literature that could help you speed up the, let's say, because there must be already quite a lot of knowledge out there. So yeah, could you tell me, summarize a few techniques that are already in place or available? Thank you for the question, ma'am. Talking about the field of environmental friendly road, Nepal has studied many, many, there are many, many data regarding to the green road projects. But in the past, past means in a decade, the concept green road is being very neglected. And the construction of the road is being in these areas. And there are many books related to green road, but my focus will be on the environment friendly road. That means not a perfect green road, but it will focus on the existing construction, which we can make better. How we can suggest them, local government and the policy makers, about a good construction technique, we can suggest them. OK, thank you. Ajansa, road. OK. OK, we understand your concept, that you are going to say that green road, environment friendly road is very essential for Nepal's development. We understand your concept. But when we are dealing with this concept, you're setting objective and methods are not related. For example, when you are going to deal with objective one, you are going to say that GIS application, this application does not fit in your objective one. That means this GIS application is, OK, we can use GIS application is a very good concept, but your objective one is not related to your GIS application concept. So try to link the objective with the proper methods. And when you are going to deal with the environment friendly road construction, only concentration on the materials or construction part is not enough. You have to deal with a holistic approach. That means when you are going to deal with a PhD level, we have to deal with a holistic approach. So holistic approach is missing in your concept. Try to make a little bit of a broad concept, not like only materials aspect only. So, OK, your concept is a very good concept. I appreciate your concept. No doubt is. But you're setting objectives and adjusting proper methods is essential for your writing proposal. It's OK for it in the beginning level, but I suggest to that go deep in literature review and try to find the proper setting of objectives and proper methodology part. If you do it, these topics will be interesting. So these are my suggestions. Go for literature review. Thank you, sir. I will keep in mind your suggestions and I will do the more literature review. And also, I will use some holistic approach also. And I am very sorry that my linkage is being some poor linkage between the objective and I will manage it and review it, sir. Thank you for your suggestion. I will be very glad for the further suggestions, sir. OK, I will be sending one key literature that I found, which kind of compile all the eco-friendly road construction methods that you might kind of read carefully and then select which one applies to you, because the previous batch of students actually select this topic as well. And we had identified a few key literatures on this. So thank you very much. Thank you. I'm very glad to meet you. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Dhanendra. Next, I'd like to invite Mr.