Mr. Adili, put on presentation mode and we can start. Okay, can you see me? We can see your screen. Good morning, esteemed members of the committee, faculty, and fellow researchers. Mr. Adili, can you put it on presentation mode? Just click on the icon on the left. There is an icon that allows it to go on presentation mode so we can see it in full. The icon is in the corner on the right. If you click on it, it will go into the full screen mode. Next to the number 100%, there is a picture. Can you click on it? Can you put it on the presentation mode? Yes, somewhere there. Next to number 100. Next to number 121. Can you put it on the presentation mode? Yes, somewhere there. Can you put it on the presentation mode? Yes, somewhere there. Good morning, esteemed members of the committee, faculty, and fellow researchers. I am Adili Rai. I am grateful to present my preliminary research proposal here today. The first image shows lightning strikes during a thunderstorm. The second image shows ship fatalities in the Karnali province of Nepal due to lightning strikes. In 2020, this image serves as a visual reminder for the threat posed by lightning strikes and emphasizing the needs for preventive measures in this region. The region marked by red color is the Karnali province of Nepal. This is my study area. Karnali province is characterized by its unique topography and climatic conditions. This province receives frequent thunderstorms, leading to a high incidence of lightning strikes. Local vulnerabilities, lack of awareness, and preparedness intensify casualties among humans and cattle in this region. My research objectives are to quantify the impact of lightning strikes on humans and cattle in Karnali province, to identify local vulnerabilities such as demographic and geographical factors, and last objective is to evaluate existing prevention measures and proposed recommendations. These are the expected outcomes of this study. For the first objective, detailed data on lightning strikes and impact on human cattle populations. For the second objective, the outcome is to identify local vulnerabilities and for third objective, understanding community awareness and preparedness levels and recommendations. This study will utilize the risk management theory, which emphasizes identifying and analyzing risks associated with lightning strikes in Karnali region and implementing preventive measures. This study will cover geographical focus, data collection, and prevention measures. The limitations of this study include data availability, generalizability, and temporal variability. Methodology. This research will utilize a mixed methodology. Quantitative analysis involves historical data collections from government records, local hospitals, and meteorological departments in order to assess lightning strikes in Karnali region. And to analyze awareness level, surveys will be conducted at least with 300 households in order to identify local vulnerabilities. Analytic hierarchy process and GIS-based multi-criteria decision-making tools will be used. For the qualitative analysis, interviews and focus group discussions will be conducted with experts, local communities, farmers, and health workers. Conclusion. Understanding earthquakes caused by lightning strikes in Karnali province is crucial for prevention measures and protecting lives and livelihoods in the region. Finally, I would like to express my gratitude to the faculty members, my advisors, Dr. Soros-Piaoli, for their support and guidance in my research in Day 1. Thank you for your attention. Thank you very much. I'd like to start the question. So is there any authority or organization collecting data about lightning strikes within Nepal or the region? Yes, Global Lightning Detection Center and Disaster Risk Management of Nepal is monitoring. Okay. Lightning strikes in Nepal. So do you think that they also have this data available that is actually using GIS or how are these data reported? Yes, Professor, a few studies have been done. For example, Mr. Basanta Adhikari and Ms. Sorma have used GIS in their research works. Okay. I would expect to see that if there are some data already that you show the frequency or whatever that is available in your concept as well presentation. And because you propose to analyze the risk factor using GIS, I think the first thing is to really make sure that the geographical data about location of the lightning is there. And also then the factors, I think you need to clearly identify what are factors that have been studied. Actually, I have very primitive knowledge about GIS and I'm planning to take GIS course soon. Okay. Apart from that, I think you need to make sure that like the literature review that you have done is kind of comprehensive enough so that you don't miss something that has already been kind of studied or identified as a risk factor. So I think the risk factor probably have been identified through other studies.