Good morning all my respected professors as well as my colleagues. This is Gyanendra Sharma. My topic is the impact of climate change and transhuman pastoralism in the mountain region of Nepal. This is the background picture where I am going to research. There is climate change impact and socio-economic impact, human, climate, and trend. This is the picture which I studied. You see there is some problem drought, flood, and the infrastructure devastating. The ship is passing on this problem. This is my jurisdictions where I am going to do research in Gandhagi province, three districts of Nepal, which is Manang, Mustang, and Meghdi. This is my problem is traditional knowledge for environmental protection and livestock rearing. There is a research gap not covered. This is a balancing environmental protection and livestock management using traditional knowledge. Second one is not explore alternative practice and government policies. Third one, climate threat to the human civilization. There is some research gap which I studied. Applicable mitigation strategies and progressive policies are lacking. My objective of the study, status of pastoral land and THP, the human pastoralism practices, which I conduct by field observation. Next one objective is THP and livelihood of pastoral communities in Nepal, which I conduct by questionnaire survey. Next major objective is sustainability of THP. I conduct by document review, focal group discussion, key information interviews. Why I choose this study? Because I am the witness of the real impact in the livelihood in traditional pastoral land due to climate change in this zone in the past three decades. I am also related with this zone. And I have keen desire why this is happening. And some applicable theories I draw in my research, ecological sustainability, socio-economic sustainability, climate resilience, integrated system, institutional and governance, as well as economic viability. May I go ahead? Some boolean I am doing systematic literature review. So some boolean I use to my systematic literature review. Methodology. First objective I will do in method in depth interview from 50 experts from wildlife, forest, local policy makers, content analysis, and expected outcome describe the present status of THP on different end of Nepal. I will try to publish on the journal Climate Policy, this journal. And second one, explore the devastating impact of climate change on THP and living condition of local communities, which I will try to publish on the Journal of Climate Change. Third one, suggest actionable policy recommendations for sustainability of THP, which I will publish on arid environment journal. This is my timeline. This is my differences. As this proposal aims to explore the status of pastoral and existing THP practices, and assessing the threat of livelihood of the pastoral communities, THP practice of mountain region of Nepal due to adverse impact of climate change. By using mixed method research approach, the field observation questionnaire survey and FGT focal group discussion KIA will be conducted to address the research question. Thank you. Okay, great job. That was exactly the time. So, questions from our audience. Okay, now I've explored the question and answer floor. Okay, thank you, ma'am. Okay, I don't have the question, but I have something to suggest you for proving your proposal. The first back to the, I'm not sure about the next, next page. Previous, back, back, back. Yes. In the first objective, you, you're writing about a method in depth interviews. I think this is a minimum student. They have the wrong understanding about the in-depth or the ties of the interview. In general, I think in your research, you must use only three things about the interview. First, you can use a structure, structure, structure, or unstructured or semi-structured interview. Yes, yes. In general, in-depth interview, you use only the maintain, the maintain hill research, you know. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. In general, in the environment, environment,