research. Please share your slide. Okay, you can start. Mr. Kamal, you can start. There's something coming from Dili Rai's screen in my screen. I think he has not stopped slide sharing. We can see the screen that says Freshwater Conservation and Natural Resources. Yes, but in the corner there is coming. Can you just give me some time to set the screen? Okay, we can start now. Mr. Kamal, please start now. Respected faculty, committee members, and advisors. Namaste and a very good morning. I'm Kamal Karki, moving forward to my presentation. Rivers are one of the major sources of fresh water and each river has religious and cultural significance. Rivers are always associated with civilization and livelihood of people, but the increment of population and change in land use pattern has polluted almost all rivers in the world. This scenario has asked for the need of integrated sustainable water management in each river basin and Bagmati is not an exception. Coming to the problem statements, Bagmati River is not only a source of sustenance for the valley's population, but also of religious and cultural significance. However, rapid urbanization and increasing industrial activities have transformed this once unspoiled river into an open seaway. Many studies and research have been carried out to measure the quality of river in Bagmati River, but few initiatives are made to control the pollution of river. Unregulated urban development, poor land use pattern, and poor waste management practice has increased different types of pollution in the river. Pollution in the upstream has severely affected the downstream ecosystem. There are few initiations of natural resource safeguard during development and other works in Bagmati River basin. Among all, most important is the concept of basin-wide planning for integrated sustainable water management, which is still new in Nepal. The aims of the study is to determine the research objectives by studying the problems with analysis of research questions, and the research objectives are firstly to identify the quality of river in Bagmati River within Kathmandu Valley and downstream, second to find change in land use pattern and its impact in Bagmati River basin, and third to find the strategies and guidelines for conserving freshwater and natural resource safeguard in Bagmati River basin and sustainable water management. In the expected outcomes, the post expected outcome is pattern of change of water quality in Bagmati River within Kathmandu Valley and downstream, second one generation of land use map and settlement map of Bagmati River basin, and the third one is strategies for the integrated sustainable river basin management consisting of suitable development practices, freshwater conservation, and natural resource safeguard. The study is based on the integrated water resource management theory, IWRM, with sample size of 385. The respondents will be conservation experts for in-depth interview, policymakers, lawmakers, and stakeholders for focus group discussion, Bagmati River users, local people, adjacent house owners for survey, and in the limitations, the study will cover the Bagmati River basin within Nepal only, and outcomes will be useful for students, researchers, policymakers, and development workers in the significance. And here is the study area map and map of Bagmati River basin. Coming to the methodology, for the first objective to identify the quality of water in Bagmati River within Kathmandu Valley and downstream, field observations will be carried out through observation method, and time series analysis will be adopted. In second objective, to find the change in land use pattern and its impact in Bagmati River basin, modeling method with GIS method will be adopted. For the third objective, to find the strategies and guidelines for conserving freshwater and natural resource safeguard in Bagmati River basin and sustainable water management, qualitative method with in-depth interview with expert and focus group discussions with stakeholders will be adopted, and in net, it will be a mixed method. Here are some references that I had followed, and here is the timeline of the research period. Here are the proposed publications and proposed journals. And to conclude, I'm interested and enthusiastic in the topic. As the pollution of freshwater has raised, the scarcity of potable water is a global problem. Sustainable integrated water