Presentation and five minutes of questions. So, sometimes we might be running a little later, but we'll be great to keep. To our time, and you see the screen. Yes, please go ahead. Thank you. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Good morning. Distinguished faculty members, respected professors, esteemed doctors, my colleagues. I'm very happy to present my preliminary research proposal to all of you so that I can also improve, get the feedbacks and moving forward. My research topic is on de-risking private sector investment in small scale hydro power projects in Nepal to blended finance for climate resilience infrastructure. And my professor, my advisor is Dr. Tanma. I'm trying to. So, the background is Nepal's hydropower has a lot of potential. It's 83,000 megawatts, but unfortunately, we are only utilizing 2.5 percent, which is 2200 megawatts. SSHP, small scale hydropower is the rural lifeline for electrification, which is basically turning water into watts. Also, the contribution of Nepal into the Paris agreement is a commitment to reduce the carbon reduction by 20 percent by 2030. And also, there are very good examples from countries which has taken similar purchase in Ethiopia, Vietnam and Kenya about hydropower successes. And there's also a dilemma in this area with regards to being very expensive, very slow, very bureaucratic and having very low financial return, but not impossible to overcome. So blended finance is the reason it's one of the reason to de-risking investments from the private sector to fuel growth. If you look at the picture, you can see Nepal basically on the northern side. That's a lot of snow-capped mountains, which is a perennial annual flowing of rivers down the southern side, which is a continuous flow of water energy. If you look at the small table on the side, the striped bar, which is the biggest bar, are the theoretical hydropower potential in different river basins in Nepal. If you look at the blue spots, it is the feasible hydropower potential. And if you look at the black spots, that is the potential which has been studied. And the amount of bar that the scale of the bar that is being produced is not there in the picture because it's too low. OK, the problem statement I summarized quickly, we have a very long payback periods and the upfront cost is very high. There are perceived financial risks, for example, seasonal water variations, technical inefficiencies. There are also a lot of challenges with regards to policy and regulatory barriers, inconsistent policies, slow approvals, low incentives. The research gap is the studies, existing studies primarily focus on SHB technical side of things and the economical side of things. But there has been really limited studies on how blended finance, which is a mixture of private and public financing, and how this mitigates our financial risks in the SHB projects. In the small slide, you can see the data from IFC, which shows in South Asia, Nepal is on the bottom three, which is basically a high potential for us to bring. The aim of the study, I just focus on the specific objectives, analyzing the risks in SHB investments with how blended finance mitigates, identifying stakeholders in blended finance structures and their roles, evaluating the social, economic and economic impacts from blended finance, assess challenges in implementing a blended finance, and of course, examining scalability and sustainability of blended finance models. I have a few research questions. The research questions are basically on the keywords on blended finance and how they support the private institutions in SHB. What are the risk mitigation tools in blended finance and how do stakeholders perceive the effectiveness of this blended finance? What challenges are there that hinders the blended finance implementation? What impacts does blended finance have on climate structure, infrastructure? There's also hypothesis, which I'd like to prove that it's right. Blended finance significantly reduces perceived risks, enhancing private sector investments in Nepal's SHB and promoting climate resilience. These are the expected outcomes. Identification of optimal blended finance structures, policy recommendations, financial models for risking insights on socioeconomics and the scalability of our models in developing countries in Nepal. Theories, I will base some of my theories on some of the risk management theories, investment theories, renewable energy financing theories. There will also be some portion of conceptual framework, interaction between variables, models and theories. And there are limitations to this also. We have data reliable issues and stakeholder bias, context specificity. There are some mitigation that has been proposed. The methodology, so mine is a mixed method, which is also a kind of blended method, both qualitative and quantitative. I'm really interested in doing the modeling from a financial perspective and a statistical modeling perspective also within the finance modeling. I found out there are some ways to do it, like the NPB and IRR scenario analysis in the statistical modeling, the regression, the fact analysis and the data collections. There are some data collection methods, like case studies, in-depth interviews, focus group discussions. These are references which are not only from Nepal, but globally and in the Southeast region where it relates to the topic. Timeline, basically put the timeline into six semesters of three years. One column represents six months. You can see the red parts are the major milestones, which includes publication, manuscripts and defense work. At the end of the PhD, the expectation is that to have three publications in some famous journals. I named some of them and also doing the presentation in international conferences, sharing this policy brief with the Nepal entity stakeholders and finally the PhD dissertation. Finally, the conclusion, the passion is with sustainable energy, risk reduction, investment financing. Why it matters? Because it supports clean energy transition and climate resilience. Key takeaways, it's actionable and safe for policy investors. Future impacts, a scalable model for other developing countries and I feel grateful to the Faculty Committee and my advisor for guidance and support. Thank you. I was quite quick because I saw the timing move fast. Thank you. Thank you, Adzantanwa. You have a question? Yes. I don't have the detailed information, but what critical information I've gathered so far is it's a way of data analysis technique where a computer gives you numerous simulations of how the predictions will come, a thousand possibilities of the outcomes based on the inputs you give there. Well, what are the volumes of funding that is possible to have a good amount of return? And who is funding budget inputs coming from? Are they the worthy groups or relevant groups? Or do we need other groups who might invest? So these are some basic things I was just thinking I might not be correct also. No. I've just done some findings. A qualitative yes, in terms of data and numbers, but maybe exactly the question you're asking is. Not exactly. Collecting data in terms of numbers and representing those numbers in terms of analysis figures. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Got it. Thank you. Thank you so much. I'm sure other people have inputs, but may I ask all the evaluators to maybe type in and then we can compile it and send it to students.