Okay, can you see my screen, ma'am? Yes. Well, not yet. Sorry. Could you. Okay, I went to share then just to wait. Okay, this time I think. I will. This time, ma'am. Yes. We can see it. Okay. Okay, may I start then? Yes, please. Please. Okay. Okay. Okay, may I start, ma'am, then? Yes, please. Please. Okay. Okay, may I start, ma'am, then? Yes, please. Yes, please. Yes, please. Okay, I'm as you get that book really carry from Chittenden, and then after a very good morning for all the respected professors and the entire teams to give me the chance for. I'm really thankful to give it a chance for to present this presentations. So, the topic is here, the existing effectiveness of the school environment clubs in promoting stewardship in the buffer zone area of the Chittenden National Park. Now, in that way. Some. Worse. Now she here with the help of this environment club. Okay. Improve or the promote this type of the eco citizen behaviors of the students. From that, that area. I found some types of the problems. Here's like wise in that the area is that deforestation over exploitation, human animal conflictions potions like that. So, it is needed to be environmental education. It means that to develop the awareness and the stewardship with the help of the school environment club. Especially for the secondary level students. Okay, that is the ease of the developing attitude. So, I choose this type of the students for my study. So, I found from beers from my research gap and the entire and the real problems of that area. From that, I make three objectives from the year. I make it three objectives. Here's now. See. Okay. So, I found that the role of the school environment club in influencing the information knowledge and that shoot. Likewise, my second objective is that investigate how knowledge translate into the behavior within the buffer zone area at the communities. My third objective is that to identify factors that influence the success and various for effectiveness or the effective environmental stewardship with the buffer zone communities. From that first objective. So, I make a plan or I will. Okay, I will choose this quantitative meters of the household cautionary of that buffer zone area and the non buffer zone area. Likewise, from to meet that second objective. Okay, I will select the quantitative the same as the household survey between that the parents and the students. So, what type of the knowledge that they have to translate from that? Likewise, to meet that third objective. So, I choose the mixed method for this quantitative as well as the qualitative in that quantitative same household survey. And then after for these qualitative methods I choose this in depth interview with the eco club teachers school management committee. Local governments officials, education, coordination and monitoring unit officials and park authority and buffer zone management committee and representatives in that way I make the new body of language. So, the first objective is to generate new knowledge from here is that generate evidence based environment awareness practices, any students and the community. The most important thing is that and the local governments policymakers planners formulate evidence based environmental education system published and then after next plan is that publish the evidence based articles in repeated journal. In that way, my area is that here's this is the buffer zone area just I focus in here's that four areas. And then after here's especially I choose this to turn our national parks. So, geographically, my research will be limited to the buffer zone area of the Chittor national park to extend it into that five districts like Chittor, Makwanpur, Persa and Navalpur and then after in that way. Likewise, so due to the time and resources limitations, the field study will do in Chittor district only and most of the four parts are defined here's in that way. Okay, I do the different type of this from that in depth in depth interview from this data analysis for thematic analysis and descriptive analysis. Likewise, we can collect from this find qualitative result and the quantitative result and triangulate and complimentary and then in integrated manner from that to two way or the mixture of approach in that way. Okay, I call it data and some are using some tools here the data collections are the analysis and my timeline is here in that way references and some expected publications. Okay, thank you so much. And the sir.